
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               958241985500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 258999                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 822184                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   469134                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                   386.10                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             2481831814                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                   100000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     181133978                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.958242                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                958241985500                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.Branches                          13383360                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.committedInsts                   100000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     181133978                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data     14664116                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14664116                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 102769.277313                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102769.277313                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 101769.277313                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101769.277313                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data     14643457                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        14643457                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2123110500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2123110500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.001409                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001409                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        20659                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         20659                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2102451500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2102451500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.001409                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001409                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        20659                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        20659                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data     70485123                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     70485123                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 89216.363344                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89216.363344                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 88216.363344                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88216.363344                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data     62191262                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       62191262                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data 739948116500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 739948116500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.117668                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.117668                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data      8293861                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      8293861                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 731654255500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 731654255500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.117668                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117668                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      8293861                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      8293861                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data     85149239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     85149239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 89250.038126                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 89250.038126                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 88250.038126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88250.038126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data     76834719                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         76834719                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data 742071227000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 742071227000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.097646                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.097646                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data      8314520                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        8314520                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 733756707000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 733756707000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.097646                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097646                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      8314520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      8314520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data     85149239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     85149239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 89250.038126                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 89250.038126                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 88250.038126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88250.038126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data     76834719                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        76834719                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data 742071227000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 742071227000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.097646                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.097646                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data      8314520                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       8314520                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 733756707000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 733756707000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.097646                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097646                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      8314520                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      8314520                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 958241985500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                8312472                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          394                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1548                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             10.241029                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses         93463759                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2042.710527                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 958241985500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           8314520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          93463759                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          2042.710527                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            85149239                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            181500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks      8301910                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           8301910                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dtb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 958241985500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                    14664116                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                         12989                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 958241985500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                    70485123                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        130894                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 958241985500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 958241985500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst    139152120                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    139152120                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 85144.586569                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85144.586569                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 84144.586569                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84144.586569                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst    139149931                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       139149931                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    186381500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    186381500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000016                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2189                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          2189                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    184192500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    184192500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst    139152120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    139152120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 85144.586569                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85144.586569                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 84144.586569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84144.586569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst    139149931                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        139149931                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    186381500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    186381500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000016                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2189                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           2189                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    184192500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    184192500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst    139152120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    139152120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 85144.586569                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85144.586569                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 84144.586569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84144.586569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst    139149931                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       139149931                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    186381500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    186381500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000016                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2189                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          2189                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    184192500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    184192500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2189                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2189                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 958241985500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.replacements                    789                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1399                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          63568.807675                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        278306429                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   618.994881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.302244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.302244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1400                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.683594                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 958241985500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              2189                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         278306429                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           618.994881                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           139152120                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             87500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::.writebacks          789                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total               789                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 958241985500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 958241985500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 958241985500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                   139152120                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            75                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 958241985500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 958241985500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                       1916483971                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 1916483971                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads             66390676                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes            58331008                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     12357318                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               66079645                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                      66079645                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             66107541                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               34696                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      481409                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             180945640                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    180945640                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           393189365                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           97341166                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    14663800                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      85148913                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   70485113                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 17650      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  95763297     52.87%     52.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    94292      0.05%     52.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     79926      0.04%     52.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2214      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     4490      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       12      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     5116      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   18029      0.01%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  29      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   5      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  5      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                 14661131      8.09%     61.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 4442793      2.45%     63.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                2669      0.00%     63.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite           66042320     36.46%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  181133978                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    958241985500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   146                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks          760                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total           760                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         2189                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           2189                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 110065.889029                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110065.889029                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 100065.889029                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100065.889029                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu.inst            603                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                603                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    174564500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    174564500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.724532                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.724532                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1586                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             1586                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    158704500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    158704500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.724532                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.724532                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1586                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1586                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data       8293861                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           8293861                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 86752.963956                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86752.963956                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76752.963956                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76752.963956                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data              4010                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  4010                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data 719169145000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  719169145000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999517                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999517                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data         8289851                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             8289851                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 636270635000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 636270635000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      8289851                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        8289851                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data        20659                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         20659                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 307824.843323                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 307824.843323                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 297824.843323                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 297824.843323                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data         14436                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             14436                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1915594000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   1915594000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.301225                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.301225                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data         6223                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            6223                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1853364000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1853364000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.301225                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.301225                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6223                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         6223                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks          789                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          789                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks          789                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              789                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks      8301910                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      8301910                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks      8301910                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          8301910                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst             2189                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.data          8314520                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              8316709                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 110065.889029                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 86918.793034                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86923.217329                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 100065.889029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76918.793034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76923.217329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.inst                  603                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.data                18446                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    19049                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    174564500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data 721084739000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     721259303500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst        0.724532                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data        0.997781                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997710                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.inst               1586                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.data            8296074                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                8297660                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    158704500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 638123999000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 638282703500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.724532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997781                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997710                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          1586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       8296074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           8297660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst            2189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         8314520                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             8316709                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 110065.889029                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 86918.793034                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86923.217329                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 100065.889029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76918.793034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76923.217329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.inst                 603                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.data               18446                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   19049                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    174564500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data 721084739000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    721259303500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst       0.724532                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data       0.997781                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997710                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.inst              1586                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.data           8296074                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               8297660                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    158704500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 638123999000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 638282703500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.724532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997781                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997710                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1586                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      8296074                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          8297660                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 958241985500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.replacements                        8285637                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          415                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        15910                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.003031                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 24931990                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks      87.112558                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst        43.518966                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data     16123.059124                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.005317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst        0.002656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data        0.984073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.992047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 958241985500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   8302021                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  24931990                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 16253.690648                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    16629209                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks             8278931                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   8278931                       # number of writebacks
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      57806.83                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                36164.88                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples   8278929.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1586.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples   8296059.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     17414.88                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       554.19                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    554.19                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       552.94                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    552.94                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.69                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         8.65                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     4.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    4.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       105927                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           105927                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.inst            105927                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.data         554086279                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             554192206                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.writebacks      552941315                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.inst           105927                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.data        554086279                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1107133522                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::.writebacks      552941315                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            552941315                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      1282939                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    826.928594                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   721.415172                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   304.259654                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        35424      2.76%      2.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        51930      4.05%      6.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        68753      5.36%     12.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        79586      6.20%     18.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        94942      7.40%     25.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        47789      3.72%     29.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        38820      3.03%     32.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        39651      3.09%     35.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       826044     64.39%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      1282939                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              531049280                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               531050240                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               529849920                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys            529851584                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       101504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        101504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         101504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.data      530948736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          531050240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::.writebacks    529851584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       529851584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1586                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data      8296074                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     59232.35                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     36160.40                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       101504                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data    530947776                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 105927.314327639644                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 554085277.032562255859                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     93942500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data 299989385001                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks      8278931                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2829069.31                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks    529849920                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 552939578.955654144287                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 23421669647741                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     2                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds       517161                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState            24490325                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState            7770918                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds       517161                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.inst            1586                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.data         8296074                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             8297660                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::.writebacks      8278931                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            8278931                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    92.26                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            518492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            518435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            518484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            518631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            519040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            518564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            518392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            518386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            518266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            518478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           518610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           518864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           518748                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           518767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           518726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           518762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0            517322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1            517326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2            517371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3            517440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4            517551                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5            517358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6            517260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7            517217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8            517167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9            517291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10           517436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11           517673                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12           517619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13           517645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14           517630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15           517599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      0.005591056500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 958241985500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples       517161                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.044586                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.011391                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     10.539831                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        517154    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total        517161                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 8297644                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   8297660                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               8297660                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     8297660                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  7604985                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     15                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                41488225000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  958240196500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            300083327501                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 144502483751                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples       517161                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.008371                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.007882                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.130199                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16           515020     99.59%     99.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                2      0.00%     99.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18             2090      0.40%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               49      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total        517161                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   2136                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   2142                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                 517142                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                 517162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                 517162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                 517162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                 517162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                 517162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                 517162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                 517161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                 517161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                 517162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                 517161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                 517161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                 517161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                 517224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                 517162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                 517169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  8278931                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              8278931                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    8278931                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                92.87                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 7688622                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          82844788950                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               4581730860                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    132259707750                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            465.781705                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2831771500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   18033860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 416442994000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  61097787001                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  169661823496                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 290173749503                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           3413957280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               2435243910                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     23460537600                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             29619747360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         42632045040.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     103436691600                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           446331585660                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         767711205754                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy            21604770900                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          82776072030                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               4578482160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    131746923780                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            465.048925                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2788351500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   17954560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 418859843000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  60004423499                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  169585282246                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 289049525255                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           3394245120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               2433509595                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     23040702720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             29625437940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         42444579840.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     103934625600                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           445629404925                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         767911973754                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy            21611113200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     24875418                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     24875418                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               24875418                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port   1060901824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total   1060901824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total              1060901824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 958241985500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         49693568863                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               5.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        43632577749                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           8297660                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 8297660    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             8297660                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      8280098                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      16577758                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               7809                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      8278931                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1167                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           8289851                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          8289851                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          7809                       # Transaction distribution
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 958241985500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         5167                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     24941512                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              24946679                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       190592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   1063451520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total             1063642112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 958241985500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        16617684000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           3283500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       12471780000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                 529851584                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         16602346                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000380                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.019481                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               16596046     99.96%     99.96% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   6299      0.04%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           16602346                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      8313261                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         6298                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     16629970                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           6299                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoops                         8285637                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             22848                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     16580841                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          789                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           17268                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          8293861                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         8293861                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          2189                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        20659                       # Transaction distribution
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
