
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               395578704500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 449717                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 810312                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   565716                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                   222.36                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1778979286                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                   100000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     125794192                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.395579                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                395578704500                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.Branches                           5058750                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.committedInsts                   100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     125794192                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data     47308635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     47308635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64434.029837                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64434.029837                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63434.029837                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63434.029837                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data     45934294                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        45934294                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  88554329000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  88554329000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.029051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data      1374341                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       1374341                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  87179988000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  87179988000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029051                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029051                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1374341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1374341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 92980.665833                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92980.665833                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6093580916                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6093580916                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data     17644618                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17644618                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 80937.334508                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80937.334508                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79937.334508                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79937.334508                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data     16306944                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       16306944                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data 108267768000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 108267768000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.075812                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.075812                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data      1337674                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1337674                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 106930094000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 106930094000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.075812                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.075812                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1337674                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1337674                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    69.855644                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             20678                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1444475                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data     64953253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     64953253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72574.118137                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72574.118137                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71574.118137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71574.118137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data     62241238                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         62241238                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data 196822097000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 196822097000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041753                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.041753                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data      2712015                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        2712015                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 194110082000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 194110082000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041753                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041753                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      2712015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2712015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data     65018789                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     65018789                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70861.740072                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70861.740072                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72079.203196                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72079.203196                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data     62241238                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        62241238                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data 196822097000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 196822097000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042719                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.042719                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data      2777551                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       2777551                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 200203662916                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 200203662916                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042719                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042719                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      2777551                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2777551                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 395578704500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                2777039                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          284                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          144                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             23.408675                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        132815129                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   492.659746                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.962226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.962226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 395578704500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           2777551                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         132815129                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           492.659746                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            65018789                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            195500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks      1767001                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           1767001                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dtb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 395578704500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                    47374171                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                        154481                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 395578704500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                    17644618                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        392711                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 395578704500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 395578704500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst    135711381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    135711381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 90205.882353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90205.882353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 89205.882353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89205.882353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst    135710854                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       135710854                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47538500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     47538500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          527                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           527                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47011500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     47011500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst    135711381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    135711381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 90205.882353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90205.882353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 89205.882353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89205.882353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst    135710854                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        135710854                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47538500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     47538500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          527                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            527                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47011500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     47011500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst    135711381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    135711381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 90205.882353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90205.882353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 89205.882353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89205.882353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst    135710854                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       135710854                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47538500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     47538500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          527                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           527                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47011500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     47011500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          527                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          527                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 395578704500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.replacements                      6                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          521                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          257516.851992                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        271423289                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   427.666180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.208821                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.208821                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          521                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.254395                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 395578704500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         271423289                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           427.666180                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           135711381                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             87500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::.writebacks            6                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total                 6                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 395578704500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 395578704500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 395578704500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                   135711381                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            47                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 395578704500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 395578704500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                        791157409                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  791157409                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads             26576152                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes            36968375                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      3953451                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    835                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           835                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 1311                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 577                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       69322                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             124833182                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    124833182                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           314540083                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          102332169                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    47374160                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      65018778                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   17644618                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                960292      0.76%      0.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  59683576     47.45%     48.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   130946      0.10%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        70      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      21      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      142      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      126      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     241      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                 47374078     37.66%     85.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                17644454     14.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                  82      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                164      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  125794192                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    395578704500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    89                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks          727                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total           727                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          527                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            527                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 87849.809886                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87849.809886                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 77849.809886                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77849.809886                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu.inst              1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                  1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46209000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     46209000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.998102                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.998102                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu.inst          526                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              526                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40949000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40949000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.998102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          526                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          526                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data       1337674                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           1337674                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 88235.317792                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88235.317792                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78235.317792                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78235.317792                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data            168606                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                168606                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data 103153086500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  103153086500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.873956                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.873956                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data         1169068                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             1169068                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  91462406500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  91462406500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.873956                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.873956                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1169068                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        1169068                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1439877                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       1439877                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 82146.692995                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82146.692995                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72146.692995                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72146.692995                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data        379189                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            379189                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  87132011500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  87132011500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.736652                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.736652                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data      1060688                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1060688                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  76525131500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  76525131500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.736652                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.736652                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1060688                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      1060688                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks            6                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            6                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks            6                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                6                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks      1767001                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1767001                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks      1767001                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          1767001                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst              527                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.data          2777551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              2778078                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 87849.809886                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 85338.977897                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85339.570063                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 77849.809886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75338.977897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75339.570063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.inst                    1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.data               547795                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   547796                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46209000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data 190285098000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     190331307000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst        0.998102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data        0.802778                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.802815                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.inst                526                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.data            2229756                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                2230282                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40949000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 167987538000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 168028487000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.998102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.802778                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.802815                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst           526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       2229756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           2230282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst             527                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         2777551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             2778078                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 87849.809886                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 85338.977897                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85339.570063                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 77849.809886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75338.977897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75339.570063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.inst                   1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.data              547795                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  547796                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46209000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data 190285098000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    190331307000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst       0.998102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data       0.802778                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.802815                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.inst               526                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.data           2229756                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               2230282                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40949000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 167987538000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 168028487000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.998102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.802778                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.802815                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          526                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      2229756                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          2230282                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 395578704500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.replacements                        2226048                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          110                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1074                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6885                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         8295                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.476951                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  7797554                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks      80.273487                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst        20.164429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data     15392.291796                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.004900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst        0.001231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data        0.939471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.945601                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 395578704500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   2242432                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   7797554                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 15492.729712                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     5554395                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks             1205953                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   1205953                       # number of writebacks
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     115119.75                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                34576.32                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples   1205810.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       526.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples   2227957.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     15826.32                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       360.54                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    360.83                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       195.08                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    195.11                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      23.82                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         4.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     2.82                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    1.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        85101                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            85101                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.inst             85101                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.data         360748398                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             360833499                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.writebacks      195109067                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.inst            85101                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.data        360748398                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            555942566                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::.writebacks      195109067                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            195109067                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       442927                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    496.228986                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   298.054403                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   396.695267                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       129931     29.33%     29.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        38213      8.63%     37.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        35867      8.10%     46.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        18334      4.14%     50.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        62099     14.02%     64.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         7486      1.69%     65.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        15043      3.40%     69.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         6149      1.39%     70.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       129805     29.31%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       442927                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              142622912                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               142738048                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                  115136                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                77170752                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             77180992                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        33664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         33664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          33664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.data      142704384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          142738048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::.writebacks     77180992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        77180992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          526                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data      2229756                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     37028.52                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     34547.84                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        33664                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data    142589248                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 85100.637665898423                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 360457341.049813747406                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     19477000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  77033260296                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks      1205953                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   7533267.71                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     77170752                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 195083180.975430905819                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 9084766800285                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                   143                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds        74781                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState             5661663                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState            1134288                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds        74781                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.inst             526                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.data         2229756                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             2230282                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::.writebacks      1205953                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1205953                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    87.10                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            139266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            139333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            139510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            139427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            139103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            139190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            139760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            139486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            138982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            138943                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           139090                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           139162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           138713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           139266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           139300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           139952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             75390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             75570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             75892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             75908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             75231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             74859                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             75596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             75460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             74862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             74946                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            75063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            75252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            74778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            75277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            75416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            76293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      0.146105102500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 395578704500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        74781                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      29.800083                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     27.730852                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     60.916974                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-511         74741     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023           36      0.05%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1535            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11775            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         74781                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 2192604                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   30495                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3080                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                    2304                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   2230282                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               2230282                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     2230282                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 86.86                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  1935633                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                   1799                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                11142415000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  395578527500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             77052737296                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  35268681046                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        74781                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.124323                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.117372                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.491587                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            70186     93.86%     93.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               64      0.09%     93.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18             4397      5.88%     99.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              123      0.16%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                2      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                4      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23                3      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::25                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         74781                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   4527                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   4593                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  73823                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  74185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  74635                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  74827                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  74828                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  75036                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  75232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  75137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  74808                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  74811                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  74791                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  74787                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  75018                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  74941                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  74868                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  74902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1205953                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              1205953                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1205953                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                87.55                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 1055709                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          27243469200                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               1589878080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy     89029653180                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            495.659228                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1090362251                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   10139220000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF  91220491750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  46732029772                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   51158705809                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 195237894918                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           1006605120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                845032650                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     17945662080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              7961635500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         23969116080.000004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy      23320464480                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           196072235430                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         333189724190                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             3152389320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          27227636310                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               1572670680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy     89034340860                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            495.189378                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1075106500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   10123620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF  91705422750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  46278291281                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   51147988547                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 195248275422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           1004541120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                835875315                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     17771462400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              7949733120                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         23932237680.000004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy      23408330940                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           195886372755                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         333231876203                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             3141850140                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      6673932                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      6673932                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                6673932                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    219919040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    219919040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               219919040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 395578704500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          9300611252                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        11771448704                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           2230282                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 2230282    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             2230282                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2213368                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       4443650                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            1061214                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1205953                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          1007415                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           1169068                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          1169068                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       1061214                       # Transaction distribution
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 395578704500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1060                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      8332141                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               8333201                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        34112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    290851328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              290885440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 395578704500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         4544568500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            790500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        4166326500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  77180992                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          5004126                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002679                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.051693                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                4990718     99.73%     99.73% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  13408      0.27%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            5004126                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2777045                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        13407                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      5555123                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          13407                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoops                         2226048                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1440404                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2972954                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            6                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         2030133                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1337674                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1337674                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           527                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1439877                       # Transaction distribution
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
