
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               386616234500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 450777                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 812944                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   567051                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                   221.84                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1742774727                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                   100000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     125794192                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.386616                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                386616234500                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.Branches                           5058750                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.committedInsts                   100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     125794192                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data     47308635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     47308635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 82352.052979                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82352.052979                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 81352.052979                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81352.052979                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data     46311109                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        46311109                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  82148314000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  82148314000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021085                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021085                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       997526                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        997526                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  81150788000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  81150788000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021085                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021085                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       997526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       997526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 92711.721878                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92711.721878                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6075955405                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6075955405                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data     17644618                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17644618                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 89066.066254                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89066.066254                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 88066.066254                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88066.066254                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data     16463652                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       16463652                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data 105183996000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 105183996000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.066931                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.066931                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data      1180966                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1180966                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 104003030000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 104003030000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.066931                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.066931                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1180966                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1180966                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    68.475443                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             20972                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1436067                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data     64953253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     64953253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 85991.736486                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85991.736486                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 84991.736486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84991.736486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data     62774761                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         62774761                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data 187332310000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 187332310000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033539                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.033539                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data      2178492                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        2178492                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 185153818000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 185153818000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      2178492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2178492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data     65018789                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     65018789                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 83480.379924                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 83480.379924                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 85217.195777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85217.195777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data     62774761                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        62774761                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data 187332310000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 187332310000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034514                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.034514                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data      2244028                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       2244028                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 191229773405                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 191229773405                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034514                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034514                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      2244028                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2244028                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 386616234500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                2235836                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          156                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1554                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5655                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          809                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             28.974143                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        132281606                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  7736.264365                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.944368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.944368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         8192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 386616234500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           2244028                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         132281606                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          7736.264365                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            65018789                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            195500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks      1229333                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           1229333                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dtb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 386616234500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                    47374171                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                        154481                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 386616234500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                    17644618                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        392711                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 386616234500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 386616234500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst    135711381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    135711381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 87268.500949                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87268.500949                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 86268.500949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86268.500949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst    135710854                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       135710854                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45990500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     45990500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          527                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           527                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45463500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45463500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst    135711381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    135711381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 87268.500949                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87268.500949                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 86268.500949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86268.500949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst    135710854                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        135710854                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45990500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     45990500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          527                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            527                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45463500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     45463500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst    135711381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    135711381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 87268.500949                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87268.500949                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 86268.500949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86268.500949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst    135710854                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       135710854                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45990500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     45990500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          527                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           527                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45463500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     45463500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          527                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          527                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 386616234500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.replacements                      6                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          521                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          257516.851992                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        271423289                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   425.651894                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.207838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.207838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          521                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.254395                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 386616234500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         271423289                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           425.651894                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           135711381                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             87500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::.writebacks            6                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total                 6                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 386616234500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 386616234500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 386616234500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                   135711381                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            47                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 386616234500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 386616234500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                        773232469                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  773232469                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads             26576152                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes            36968375                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      3953451                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    835                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           835                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 1311                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 577                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       69322                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             124833182                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    124833182                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           314540083                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          102332169                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    47374160                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      65018778                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   17644618                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                960292      0.76%      0.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  59683576     47.45%     48.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   130946      0.10%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        70      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      21      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      142      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      126      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     241      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                 47374078     37.66%     85.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                17644454     14.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                  82      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                164      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  125794192                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    386616234500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    89                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks       576510                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total        576510                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          527                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            527                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 84907.794677                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84907.794677                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 74907.794677                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74907.794677                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu.inst              1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                  1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44661500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     44661500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.998102                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.998102                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu.inst          526                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              526                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39401500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39401500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.998102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          526                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          526                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data       1180966                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           1180966                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 88266.397321                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88266.397321                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78266.397321                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78266.397321                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data             25823                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 25823                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data 101960311000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  101960311000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.978134                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.978134                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data         1155143                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             1155143                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  90408881000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  90408881000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.978134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.978134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1155143                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        1155143                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1063062                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       1063062                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 81735.084178                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81735.084178                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71735.084178                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71735.084178                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data         17662                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             17662                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  85445857000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  85445857000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.983386                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.983386                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data      1045400                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1045400                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  74991857000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  74991857000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.983386                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.983386                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1045400                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      1045400                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks            6                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            6                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks            6                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                6                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks      1229333                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1229333                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks      1229333                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          1229333                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst              527                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.data          2244028                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              2244555                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 84907.794677                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 85163.601893                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85163.540761                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 74907.794677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75163.601893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75163.540761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.inst                    1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.data                43485                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    43486                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44661500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data 187406168000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     187450829500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst        0.998102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data        0.980622                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.980626                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.inst                526                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.data            2200543                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                2201069                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39401500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 165400738000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 165440139500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.998102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.980622                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.980626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst           526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       2200543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           2201069                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst             527                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         2244028                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             2244555                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 84907.794677                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 85163.601893                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85163.540761                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 74907.794677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75163.601893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75163.540761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.inst                   1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.data               43485                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   43486                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44661500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data 187406168000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    187450829500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst       0.998102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data       0.980622                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.980626                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.inst               526                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.data           2200543                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               2201069                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39401500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 165400738000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 165440139500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.998102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.980622                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.980626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          526                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      2200543                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          2201069                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 386616234500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.replacements                        2237272                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1309                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         7931                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         6987                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.732246                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  6734052                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     955.815865                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst        20.739075                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data     14495.661234                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.058338                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst        0.001266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data        0.884745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.944349                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 386616234500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   2253656                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   6734052                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 15472.216173                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     3903886                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks             1175808                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   1175808                       # number of writebacks
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     114489.21                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                34370.50                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples   1175808.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       526.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples   2200382.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     15620.50                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       364.34                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    364.36                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       194.64                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    194.64                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.30                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         4.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     2.85                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    1.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        87073                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            87073                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.inst             87073                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.data         364275319                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             364362392                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.writebacks      194641883                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.inst            87073                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.data        364275319                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            559004275                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::.writebacks      194641883                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            194641883                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       398017                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    542.961974                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   346.361795                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   393.905467                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        93980     23.61%     23.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        32896      8.26%     31.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        36830      9.25%     41.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        15318      3.85%     44.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        57610     14.47%     59.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         7350      1.85%     61.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        17837      4.48%     65.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         5894      1.48%     67.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       130302     32.74%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       398017                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              140858112                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               140868416                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   10304                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                75250304                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             75251712                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        33664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         33664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          33664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.data      140834752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          140868416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::.writebacks     75251712                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        75251712                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          526                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data      2200543                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     34086.98                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     34368.05                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        33664                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data    140824448                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 87073.425779796118                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 364248666.852090001106                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     17929750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  75628368932                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks      1175808                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   8016366.06                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     75250304                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 194638241.452325761318                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 9425707339633                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds        73071                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState             5573348                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState            1106299                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds        73071                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.inst             526                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.data         2200543                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             2201069                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::.writebacks      1175808                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1175808                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    88.21                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            137661                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            137542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            137598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            137446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            137302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            137772                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            137707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            137620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            137499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            137390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           137563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           137708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           137391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           137628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           137430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           137651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             73544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             73545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             73834                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             73777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             73301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             73404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             73337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             73386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             73279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             73284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            73414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            73688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            73375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            73506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            73438                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            73674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      0.132508450500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 386616234500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        73071                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      30.120075                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     28.016499                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     52.941225                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-511         73035     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023           29      0.04%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1535            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-2047            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         73071                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 2164991                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   30456                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3110                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                    2351                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   2201069                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               2201069                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     2201069                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 87.95                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  1935694                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    161                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                11004540000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  386615991500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             75646298682                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  34379273682                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        73071                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.091007                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.085519                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.438480                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            69914     95.68%     95.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               85      0.12%     95.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18             2693      3.69%     99.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              361      0.49%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                9      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                4      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23                4      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         73071                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   3063                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   3144                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  72048                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  72414                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  73015                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  73119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  73141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  73292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  73589                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  73446                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  73132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  73103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  73084                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  73089                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  73308                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  73434                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  73109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  73207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1175808                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              1175808                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1175808                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                88.70                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 1042978                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          26060276310                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               1422188040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy     84725442390                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            490.738971                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1070799501                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF    9712186000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF  95066007750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  46019437288                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   48940820121                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 185806983840                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy            980023200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                755910870                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     17672889600                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              7858626720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         22959877200.000004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy      24211564980                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           189727653270                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         326892428878                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             3070028160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          26012640270                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               1419689040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy     84895940220                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            490.104325                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1044147999                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF    9683440000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF  95953171750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  44879911297                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   48872753825                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 186182809629                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy            972753120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                754563645                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     17235349920                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              7855856400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         22891652160.000004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy      24364688820                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           189482288655                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         327015620676                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             3067574760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      6583529                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      6583529                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                6583529                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    216120128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    216120128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               216120128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 386616234500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          9120536978                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        11610634112                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           2201069                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 2201069    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             2201069                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2181391                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       4382460                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            1045926                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1175808                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          1005583                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           1155143                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          1155143                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       1045926                       # Transaction distribution
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 386616234500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1060                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      6723892                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               6724952                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        34112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    222295104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              222329216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 386616234500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         3469537500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            790500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        3366042000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  75251712                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          4481827                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.141101                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.348126                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                3849435     85.89%     85.89% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                 632392     14.11%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            4481827                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2235842                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       632391                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      4480397                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         632391                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoops                         2237272                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1063589                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2405141                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            6                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         2067967                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1180966                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1180966                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           527                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1063062                       # Transaction distribution
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
