
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               321941049500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 502536                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 807896                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   632140                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                   199.00                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1617815331                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                   100000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     125794192                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.321941                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                321941049500                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.Branches                           5058750                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.committedInsts                   100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     125794192                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data     47308626                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     47308626                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71084.700267                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71084.700267                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70084.700267                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70084.700267                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data     46596509                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        46596509                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  50620623500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  50620623500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015053                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015053                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       712117                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        712117                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  49908506500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  49908506500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015053                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015053                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       712117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       712117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 101678.841694                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101678.841694                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data        13142                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         13142                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.799469                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.799469                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data        52394                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        52394                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3332219000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3332219000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500061                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500061                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        32772                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total        32772                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data     17644618                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17644618                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 89302.049482                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89302.049482                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 88302.049482                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88302.049482                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data     16838707                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       16838707                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  71969504000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  71969504000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.045675                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.045675                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       805911                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       805911                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  71163593000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  71163593000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.045675                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045675                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       805911                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       805911                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    83.779412                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              2652                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       222183                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data     64953244                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     64953244                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 80756.170176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80756.170176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79756.170176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79756.170176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data     63435216                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         63435216                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data 122590127500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 122590127500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023371                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.023371                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data      1518028                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        1518028                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 121072099500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 121072099500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023371                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023371                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1518028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1518028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data     65018780                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     65018780                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78061.901514                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78061.901514                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 80219.447060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80219.447060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data     63448358                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        63448358                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data 122590127500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 122590127500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.024153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data      1570422                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       1570422                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 124404318500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 124404318500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023852                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023852                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1550800                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1550800                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 321941049500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                1549776                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           59                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          311                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          607                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             41.913308                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        131588360                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   961.732708                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.939192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.939192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 321941049500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           1550800                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         131588360                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           961.732708                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            64999158                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            207500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks      1012035                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           1012035                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dtb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 321941049500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                    47374162                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                        154481                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 321941049500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                    17644618                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        392711                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 321941049500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 321941049500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst    135711381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    135711381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 98590.342679                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98590.342679                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 97590.342679                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97590.342679                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst    135711060                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       135711060                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     31647500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     31647500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          321                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           321                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     31326500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31326500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst    135711381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    135711381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 98590.342679                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 98590.342679                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 97590.342679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97590.342679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst    135711060                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        135711060                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     31647500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     31647500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          321                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            321                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     31326500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     31326500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst    135711381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    135711381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 98590.342679                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 98590.342679                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 97590.342679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97590.342679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst    135711060                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       135711060                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     31647500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     31647500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          321                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           321                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     31326500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     31326500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          321                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          321                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 321941049500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.replacements                      7                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          314                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          422776.887850                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        271423083                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   266.278048                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.260037                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.260037                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          314                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.306641                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 321941049500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               321                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         271423083                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           266.278048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           135711381                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             92500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::.writebacks            7                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total                 7                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 321941049500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 321941049500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 321941049500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                   135711381                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            47                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 321941049500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 321941049500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                        643882099                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  643882099                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads             26576152                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes            36968375                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      3953451                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    835                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           835                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 1311                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 577                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       69322                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             124833182                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    124833182                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           314540083                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          102332169                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    47374160                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      65018778                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   17644618                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                960292      0.76%      0.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  59683576     47.45%     48.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   130946      0.10%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        70      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      21      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      142      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      126      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     241      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                 47374078     37.66%     85.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                17644454     14.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                  82      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                164      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  125794192                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    321941049500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    89                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks        58600                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total         58600                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          321                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            321                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        96350                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total        96350                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        86350                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        86350                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu.inst              1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                  1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     30832000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     30832000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.996885                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.996885                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu.inst          320                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              320                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     27632000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27632000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.996885                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996885                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          320                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          320                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data        805911                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            805911                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 98763.351969                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98763.351969                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 88763.351969                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88763.351969                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data            109216                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                109216                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  68807933500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   68807933500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.864481                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.864481                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data          696695                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              696695                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  61840983500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  61840983500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.864481                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.864481                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       696695                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         696695                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data       744889                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        744889                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 88565.015630                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88565.015630                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78565.015630                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78565.015630                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data        177387                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            177387                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  50260823500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  50260823500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.761861                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.761861                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data       567502                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          567502                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  44585803500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  44585803500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.761861                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.761861                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       567502                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       567502                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks            7                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            7                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks            7                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                7                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks      1012035                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1012035                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks      1012035                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          1012035                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst              321                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.data          1550800                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              1551121                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        96350                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 94185.286787                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94185.834591                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        86350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 84185.286787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84185.834591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.inst                    1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.data               286603                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   286604                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     30832000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data 119068757000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     119099589000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst        0.996885                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data        0.815190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.815228                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.inst                320                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.data            1264197                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                1264517                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     27632000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 106426787000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 106454419000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.996885                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.815190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.815228                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst           320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       1264197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           1264517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst             321                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         1550800                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             1551121                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        96350                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 94185.286787                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94185.834591                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        86350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 84185.286787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84185.834591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.inst                   1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.data              286603                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  286604                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     30832000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data 119068757000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    119099589000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst       0.996885                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data       0.815190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.815228                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.inst               320                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.data           1264197                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               1264517                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     27632000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 106426787000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 106454419000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.996885                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.815190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.815228                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          320                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1264197                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          1264517                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 321941049500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.replacements                        1286846                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          753                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3442                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3878                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.349200                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4395941                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     176.190123                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst        15.341105                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data      7463.110990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.021508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst        0.001873                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data        0.911024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.934405                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          8192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 321941049500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   1295038                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4395941                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  7654.642218                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     3042303                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks              719204                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    719204                       # number of writebacks
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     162291.41                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                40910.48                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples   1438312.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       640.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples   2525851.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     22160.48                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       502.25                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    502.76                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       2.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       285.92                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    285.95                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.02                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     3.92                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    2.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       127228                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           127228                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.inst            127228                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.data         502629957                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             502757186                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.writebacks      285947108                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.inst           127228                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.data        502629957                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            788704294                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::.writebacks      285947108                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            285947108                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       417242                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    608.149247                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   413.306846                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   413.273895                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        19460      4.66%      4.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       125602     30.10%     34.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        23010      5.51%     40.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        13001      3.12%     43.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        12156      2.91%     46.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        15637      3.75%     50.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        13535      3.24%     53.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        10531      2.52%     55.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       184310     44.17%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       417242                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              161695424                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               161858176                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                  162752                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                92050880                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             92058112                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        40960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         40960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          40960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.data      161817216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          161858176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::.writebacks     92058112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        92058112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          640                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data      2528394                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     42520.70                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     40868.93                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        40960                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data    161654464                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 127228.261396346090                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 502124423.869097173214                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     27213250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data 103332746432                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks      1438408                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   5235774.79                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     92050880                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 285924644.101652503014                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 7531180336955                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                    96                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds        87232                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState             4481683                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState            1352387                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds        87232                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.inst             320                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.data         1264197                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             1264517                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::.writebacks       719204                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             719204                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    89.48                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            157406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            158066                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            158971                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            158462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            157422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            157247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            159076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            158885                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            157109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            157300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           157388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           157561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           156797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           157941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           157725                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           159135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             89370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             90096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             91277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             90852                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             89430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             88754                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             90868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             90902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             88868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             89248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            89296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            89542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            88760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            89820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            89728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            91484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      0.135211894250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 321941049500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        87232                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      28.962823                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     25.903369                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     59.068950                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-511         87153     99.91%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023           48      0.06%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1535           26      0.03%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-2047            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-4095            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11775            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         87232                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 1256027                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                 1256999                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3369                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                    2499                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                    3367                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                    3250                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                     523                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                     457                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   2529034                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               2529034                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     1264517                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 89.87                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  2270653                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                   2543                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                12632455000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  321940879500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            103359959682                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  55988253432                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        87232                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.488158                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.469590                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.800415                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            59839     68.60%     68.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17            13612     15.60%     84.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            12770     14.64%     98.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              644      0.74%     99.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20              351      0.40%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                3      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22               11      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23                2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         87232                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  11279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  20893                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  52528                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  86350                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  86801                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  87245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  87307                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  87465                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  87677                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  87657                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  87531                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  87433                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  87333                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  87314                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  87430                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  87452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  87295                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  87274                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                  43949                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                     51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                     11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1438408                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              1438408                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     719204                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                88.78                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 1276884                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          25236520290                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               1503676860                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy     60585533700                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            496.520774                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1185139001                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF    7796360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF  87585242000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  43570465944                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   48941724300                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 132862118255                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy            986880000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                799211820                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     16731129120                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              9035919900                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         18430595040.000004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy      22770433800                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           159850418970                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         264016866199                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             3766485780                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          25800875010                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               1475481000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy     60266353080                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            495.680029                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1187993996                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF    7778680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF  88154836750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  42447864621                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   50208590454                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 132163083679                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy            991982400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                784221570                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     16300260960                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              9003225840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         18388799520.000004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy      22822453440                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           159579748680                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         262765683800                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             3741414120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      3784967                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      3784967                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                3784967                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    253916288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    253916288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               253916288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 321941049500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          8295193322                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               2.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        11767085034                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              3.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           1264517                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 1264517    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             1264517                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1255933                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       2520450                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             567822                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       719204                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           536729                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            696695                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           696695                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        567822                       # Transaction distribution
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 321941049500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          649                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      4651376                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               4652025                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        41984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    328042880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              328084864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 321941049500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         3574536000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            802500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        3877000000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  92058112                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          2837967                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.031542                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.174776                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                2748453     96.85%     96.85% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  89514      3.15%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            2837967                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1549783                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        89513                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      3100904                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          89513                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoops                         1286846                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            745210                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1731239                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            7                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         1105383                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           805911                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          805911                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           321                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       744889                       # Transaction distribution
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
