
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               861819983500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 326636                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 827948                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   410888                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                   306.15                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             2815009342                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                   100000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     125794192                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.861820                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                861819983500                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.Branches                           5058750                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.committedInsts                   100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     125794192                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data     47308653                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     47308653                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 80638.211578                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80638.211578                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79638.211578                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79638.211578                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data     43317504                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        43317504                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data 321839117500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 321839117500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.084364                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.084364                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data      3991149                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       3991149                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 317847968500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 317847968500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.084364                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.084364                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      3991149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      3991149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 86489.471436                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86489.471436                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   5668174000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5668174000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data     17644626                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17644626                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 83788.958144                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83788.958144                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 82788.958144                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82788.958144                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data     13500223                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       13500223                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data 347255209500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 347255209500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.234882                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.234882                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data      4144403                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      4144403                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 343110806500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 343110806500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.234882                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234882                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      4144403                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      4144403                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    97.404762                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                42                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         4091                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data     64953279                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     64953279                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 82243.261060                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 82243.261060                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 81243.261060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81243.261060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data     56817727                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         56817727                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data 669094327000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 669094327000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.125252                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.125252                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data      8135552                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        8135552                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 660958775000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 660958775000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.125252                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.125252                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      8135552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      8135552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data     65018815                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     65018815                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 81586.044071                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 81586.044071                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 81285.184234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81285.184234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data     56817727                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        56817727                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data 669094327000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 669094327000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.126134                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.126134                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data      8201088                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       8201088                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 666626949000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 666626949000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.126134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.126134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      8201088                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      8201088                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 861819983500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                8192896                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           59                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          419                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3373                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4323                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs              7.928072                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        138238718                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  7984.769463                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.974703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.974703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         8192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 861819983500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           8201088                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         138238718                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          7984.769463                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            65018815                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            272500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks      4350747                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           4350747                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dtb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 861819983500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                    47374189                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                        154481                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 861819983500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                    17644626                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        392711                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 861819983500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 861819983500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst    135711381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    135711381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 85430.519481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85430.519481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 84430.519481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84430.519481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst    135709841                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       135709841                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    131563000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    131563000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000011                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1540                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1540                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    130023000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    130023000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst    135711381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    135711381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 85430.519481                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85430.519481                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 84430.519481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84430.519481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst    135709841                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        135709841                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    131563000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    131563000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1540                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1540                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    130023000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    130023000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000011                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst    135711381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    135711381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 85430.519481                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85430.519481                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 84430.519481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84430.519481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst    135709841                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       135709841                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    131563000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    131563000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1540                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1540                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    130023000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    130023000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000011                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1540                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1540                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 861819983500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.replacements                      6                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1534                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          88124.273377                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        271424302                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1150.601601                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.140454                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.140454                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1534                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.187256                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 861819983500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1540                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         271424302                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1150.601601                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           135711381                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             87500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::.writebacks            6                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total                 6                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 861819983500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 861819983500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 861819983500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                   135711381                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            47                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 861819983500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 861819983500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                       1723639967                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 1723639967                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads             26576152                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes            36968375                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      3953451                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    835                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           835                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 1311                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 577                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       69322                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             124833182                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    124833182                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           314540083                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          102332169                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    47374160                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      65018778                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   17644618                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                960292      0.76%      0.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  59683576     47.45%     48.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   130946      0.10%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        70      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      21      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      142      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      126      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     241      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                 47374078     37.66%     85.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                17644454     14.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                  82      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                164      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  125794192                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    861819983500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    89                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks        39420                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total         39420                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1540                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1540                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 82930.519481                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82930.519481                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 72930.519481                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72930.519481                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    127713000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    127713000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1540                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             1540                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    112313000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    112313000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1540                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1540                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data       4144403                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           4144403                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 81953.876640                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81953.876640                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71953.876640                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71953.876640                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data             38566                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 38566                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data 336489259000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  336489259000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.990694                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.990694                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data         4105837                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             4105837                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 295430889000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 295430889000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.990694                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.990694                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      4105837                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        4105837                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data      4056685                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       4056685                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 80918.278585                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80918.278585                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70918.278585                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70918.278585                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data        153779                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            153779                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data 315816435000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 315816435000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.962092                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.962092                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data      3902906                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3902906                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 276787375000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 276787375000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.962092                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.962092                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      3902906                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      3902906                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks            6                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            6                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks            6                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                6                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks      4350747                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      4350747                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks      4350747                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          4350747                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst             1540                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.data          8201088                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              8202628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 82930.519481                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 81449.197958                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 81449.482746                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 72930.519481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71449.197958                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71449.482746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.data               192345                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   192345                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    127713000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data 652305694000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     652433407000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data        0.976546                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.976551                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.inst               1540                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.data            8008743                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                8010283                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    112313000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 572218264000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 572330577000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.976546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.976551                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          1540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       8008743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           8010283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst            1540                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         8201088                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             8202628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 82930.519481                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 81449.197958                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 81449.482746                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 72930.519481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71449.197958                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71449.482746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.data              192345                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  192345                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    127713000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data 652305694000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    652433407000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data       0.976546                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.976551                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.inst              1540                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.data           8008743                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               8010283                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    112313000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 572218264000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 572330577000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.976546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.976551                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1540                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      8008743                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          8010283                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 861819983500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.replacements                        7986439                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          318                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3116                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        24473                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        37592                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.031317                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 24447505                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     513.462844                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst        29.305881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data     63086.815691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.007835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst        0.000447                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data        0.962628                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.970910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         65536                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 861819983500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   8051975                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  24447505                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 63629.584417                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    16356110                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks             4112372                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   4112372                       # number of writebacks
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      71091.67                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                30674.20                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples   1308366.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1540.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples   8008644.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     11924.20                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       594.85                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    148.71                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        97.16                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     76.35                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.74                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         5.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     4.65                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.76                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        28591                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            28591                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.inst             28591                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.data         148685213                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             148713804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.writebacks       76347675                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.inst            28591                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.data        148685213                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            225061479                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::.writebacks       76347675                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             76347675                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       995493                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    599.085358                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   369.596235                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   412.603479                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       262089     26.33%     26.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        67819      6.81%     33.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        30359      3.05%     36.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        34394      3.45%     39.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        67026      6.73%     46.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        22756      2.29%     48.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        98589      9.90%     58.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        31041      3.12%     61.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       381420     38.31%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       995493                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              512651776                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               128164528                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    6336                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                83734272                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             65797952                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        24640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         24640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          24640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.data      128139888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          128164528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::.writebacks     65797952                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        65797952                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1540                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data      8008743                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     32142.69                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     30673.54                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        24640                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data    128138304                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 28590.657529119595                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 148683375.244570434093                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     49499750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data 245656468684                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks      4112372                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   5207497.30                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     20933568                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 24289954.283706858754                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 21415166099844                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts               2804006                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds        80906                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState            20247484                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState            1229127                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds        80906                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.inst            1540                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.data         8008743                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             8010283                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::.writebacks      4112372                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            4112372                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    89.32                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            501166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            500079                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            499715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            499511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            500063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            501239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            501610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            501128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            500769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            500713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           500672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           500496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           500214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           500748                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           501152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           500909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             82028                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             81998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             82516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             82439                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             81701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             81214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             81910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             81608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             81118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             81491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            81412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            81611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            81551                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            81346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            82164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            82241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      0.138510366750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 861819983500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        80906                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      99.005982                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     74.919962                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    213.190587                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047        80877     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-4095           25      0.03%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-6143            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::14336-16383            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::34816-36863            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40960-43007            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         80906                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 7944157                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   32892                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   33108                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   8010283                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4               8010283                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     8010283                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 90.19                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  7224707                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     99                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                40050920000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  861819818500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            245705968434                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  95515018434                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        80906                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.171211                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.161965                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.566043                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            73916     91.36%     91.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17              484      0.60%     91.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18             6153      7.61%     99.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              350      0.43%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                3      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         80906                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   6487                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   6975                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  79679                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  80740                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  80909                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  80906                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  80908                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  80916                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  80921                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  80912                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  80909                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  80914                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  80909                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  80916                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  81075                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  81429                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  81169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  81632                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  4112372                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4              4112372                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    4112372                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                83.95                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 1098320                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          67957540350                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               3550743420                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    214637947710                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            540.253324                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4514265500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   25391860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF  98065021750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 135056856011                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  128094767443                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 470697212796                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           3430794240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               1887238320                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     51862060320                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             28592208540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         60026357040.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy      30218667240                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           465601110990                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         703818418307                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             3421261080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          68234966760                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               3557162280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    214057880370                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            540.041011                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4528007249                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   25364820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF  98857092250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 134883074013                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  128761581201                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 469425408787                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           3448392960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               1890657615                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     51795108000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             28600505220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         59962434480.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy      30446350260                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           465418134885                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         703165473800                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             3408315480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     23963194                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     23963194                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               23963194                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    193962480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    193962480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               193962480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 861819983500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         20069178713                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        18229689566                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           8010283                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 8010283    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             8010283                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      7942628                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      15952911                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            3904446                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      4112372                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          3830256                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           4105837                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          4105837                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       3904446                       # Transaction distribution
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 861819983500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         3086                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     24595072                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              24598158                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        24736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    200829360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              200854096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 861819983500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        10373141500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1540000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        8201088000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  65797952                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         16189067                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.005141                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.071518                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               16105836     99.49%     99.49% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  83231      0.51%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           16189067                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      8192902                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        83231                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     16395530                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          83231                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoops                         7986439                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           4058225                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      8463119                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            6                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         7716216                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          4144403                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         4144403                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1540                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      4056685                       # Transaction distribution
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
