
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               545686296500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 394598                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 816560                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   496381                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                   253.42                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             2153266024                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                   100000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     125794192                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.545686                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                545686296500                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.Branches                           5058750                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.committedInsts                   100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     125794192                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data     47308639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     47308639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77953.091515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77953.091515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76953.091515                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76953.091515                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data     45206983                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        45206983                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data 163830582500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 163830582500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044424                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.044424                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data      2101656                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       2101656                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 161728926500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 161728926500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044424                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044424                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      2101656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2101656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 83922.683487                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83922.683487                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   5499956985                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5499956985                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data     17644619                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17644619                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 84245.369297                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84245.369297                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 83245.369297                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83245.369297                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data     15444521                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       15444521                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data 185348068500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 185348068500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124689                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.124689                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data      2200098                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      2200098                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 183147970500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 183147970500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124689                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124689                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      2200098                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      2200098                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   126.079646                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               113                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        14247                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data     64953258                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     64953258                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 81171.227132                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 81171.227132                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 80171.227132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80171.227132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data     60651504                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         60651504                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data 349178651000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 349178651000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.066228                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.066228                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data      4301754                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        4301754                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 344876897000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 344876897000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.066228                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.066228                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      4301754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4301754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data     65018794                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     65018794                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79953.163403                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79953.163403                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 80227.521869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80227.521869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data     60651504                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        60651504                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data 349178651000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 349178651000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.067170                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.067170                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data      4367290                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       4367290                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 350376853985                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 350376853985                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.067170                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.067170                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      4367290                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4367290                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 545686296500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                4363194                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          358                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2260                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1414                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             14.887675                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        134404878                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3937.876878                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.961396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.961396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 545686296500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           4367290                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         134404878                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          3937.876878                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            65018794                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            195500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks      2409128                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           2409128                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dtb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 545686296500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                    47374175                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                        154481                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 545686296500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                    17644619                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        392711                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 545686296500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 545686296500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst    135711381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    135711381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 86343.082115                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86343.082115                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 85343.082115                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85343.082115                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst    135710492                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       135710492                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     76759000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     76759000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           889                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     75870000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     75870000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst    135711381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    135711381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 86343.082115                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86343.082115                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 85343.082115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85343.082115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst    135710492                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        135710492                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     76759000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     76759000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     75870000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     75870000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst    135711381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    135711381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 86343.082115                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86343.082115                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 85343.082115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85343.082115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst    135710492                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       135710492                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     76759000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     76759000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           889                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     75870000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     75870000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 545686296500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.replacements                      6                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          883                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          152656.221597                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        271423651                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   692.047276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.168957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.168957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          883                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.215576                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 545686296500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               889                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         271423651                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           692.047276                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           135711381                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             87500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::.writebacks            6                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total                 6                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 545686296500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 545686296500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 545686296500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                   135711381                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            47                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 545686296500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 545686296500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                       1091372593                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 1091372593                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads             26576152                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes            36968375                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      3953451                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    835                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           835                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 1311                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 577                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       69322                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             124833182                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    124833182                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           314540083                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          102332169                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    47374160                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      65018778                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   17644618                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                960292      0.76%      0.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  59683576     47.45%     48.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   130946      0.10%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        70      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      21      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      142      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      126      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     241      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                 47374078     37.66%     85.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                17644454     14.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                  82      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                164      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  125794192                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    545686296500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    89                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks        51636                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total         51636                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            889                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 83924.549550                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83924.549550                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 73924.549550                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73924.549550                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu.inst              1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                  1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     74525000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     74525000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.998875                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.998875                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu.inst          888                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              888                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     65645000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65645000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.998875                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998875                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          888                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          888                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data       2200098                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           2200098                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 83600.713860                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83600.713860                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73600.713860                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73600.713860                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data             55840                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 55840                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data 179261499500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  179261499500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.974619                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.974619                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data         2144258                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             2144258                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 157818919500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 157818919500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.974619                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.974619                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      2144258                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        2144258                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data      2167192                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       2167192                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 80891.309408                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80891.309408                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70891.309408                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70891.309408                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data        160942                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            160942                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data 162288189500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 162288189500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.925737                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.925737                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data      2006250                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2006250                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 142225689500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 142225689500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.925737                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.925737                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      2006250                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      2006250                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks            6                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            6                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks            6                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                6                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks      2409128                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      2409128                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks      2409128                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          2409128                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst              889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.data          4367290                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              4368179                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 83924.549550                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 82291.056661                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 82291.406072                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 73924.549550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72291.056661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72291.406072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.inst                    1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.data               216782                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   216783                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     74525000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data 341549689000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     341624214000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst        0.998875                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data        0.950362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.950372                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.inst                888                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.data            4150508                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                4151396                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     65645000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 300044609000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 300110254000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.998875                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.950362                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.950372                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst           888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       4150508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           4151396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst             889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         4367290                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             4368179                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 83924.549550                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 82291.056661                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 82291.406072                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 73924.549550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72291.056661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72291.406072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.inst                   1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.data              216782                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  216783                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     74525000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data 341549689000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    341624214000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst       0.998875                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data       0.950362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.950372                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.inst               888                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.data           4150508                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               4151396                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     65645000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 300044609000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 300110254000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.998875                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.950362                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.950372                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          888                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      4150508                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          4151396                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 545686296500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.replacements                        4150313                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          199                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1928                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        13709                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        16902                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.074964                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 12914459                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     375.949790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst        25.054467                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data     30982.851915                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.011473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst        0.000765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data        0.945522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.957759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         32768                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 545686296500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   4183081                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  12914459                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 31383.856172                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     8679742                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks             2168853                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   2168853                       # number of writebacks
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      86339.34                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                31515.36                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples   1246135.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       888.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples   4150180.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     12765.36                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       486.85                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    243.45                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       146.15                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    127.19                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.43                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         4.95                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     3.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    1.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        52074                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            52074                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.inst             52074                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.data         243393057                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             243445131                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.writebacks      127185338                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.inst            52074                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.data        243393057                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            370630469                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::.writebacks      127185338                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            127185338                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       631201                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    547.240299                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   334.852194                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   402.354228                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       173392     27.47%     27.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        47661      7.55%     35.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        21467      3.40%     38.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        27424      4.34%     42.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        77293     12.25%     55.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        45272      7.17%     62.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        11317      1.79%     63.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        14176      2.25%     66.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       213199     33.78%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       631201                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              265668352                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               132844672                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   20992                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                79750720                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             69403296                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        28416                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         28416                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          28416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.data      132816256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          132844672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::.writebacks     69403296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        69403296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          888                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data      4150508                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     33122.18                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     31512.53                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        28416                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data    132805760                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 52073.875012545781                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 243373822.747260421515                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     29412500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data 130792990481                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks      2168853                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   6165443.67                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     39875360                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 73073779.304626539350                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 13371940997085                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                922718                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds        77197                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState            10503253                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState            1170472                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds        77197                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.inst             888                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.data         4150508                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             4151396                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::.writebacks      2168853                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            2168853                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    88.30                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            259562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            259273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            259250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            259177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            259043                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            259703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            259994                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            259725                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            259367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            259374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           259420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           259414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           259006                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           259516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           259566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           259678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             77996                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             78124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             78513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             78586                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             77712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             77548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             77941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             77774                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             77411                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             77610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            77596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            77800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            77502                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            77718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            77977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            78297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      0.135074945748                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 545686296500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        77197                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      53.772193                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     46.274115                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    111.020053                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023        77170     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047           23      0.03%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-8191            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::17408-18431            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::21504-22527            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         77197                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 4085277                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   32775                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   32941                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      75                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   4151396                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5               4151396                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     4151396                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 88.90                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  3690468                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    328                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                20755340000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  545686131500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            130822402981                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  52989877981                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        77197                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.141884                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.133960                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.524479                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            71811     93.02%     93.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17              163      0.21%     93.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18             4886      6.33%     99.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              330      0.43%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                7      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         77197                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   5205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   5381                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  75725                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  76722                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  77200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  77204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  77207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  77211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  77204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  77204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  77201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  77206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  77214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  77255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  77674                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  77872                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  77365                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  77855                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                    196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  2168853                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5              2168853                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    2168853                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                86.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 1075497                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          40020478050                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               2255126160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    133839264390                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            505.637662                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1050608751                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   14240460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 118822424500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  42107267013                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   75957898674                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 293507637562                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           1290168000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               1198616595                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     16169772000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             14820690780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         33664447440.000004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy      29346764820                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           275919543105                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         454436657075                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             3258292680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          40070326830                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               2251698960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    133972525260                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            505.466968                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1094699250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   14219660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 119418872500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  41005692338                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   76147584180                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 293799788232                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           1353503520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               1196791200                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     15746554560                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             14817934740                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         33615276240.000004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy      29527228080                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           275826397680                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         454224251820                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             3246375420                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12420216                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     12420216                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               12420216                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    202247968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    202247968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               202247968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 545686296500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         12610346879                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        13613753019                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           4151396                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 4151396    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             4151396                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      4117424                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       8268820                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            2007138                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2168853                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          1948571                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           2144258                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          2144258                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       2007138                       # Transaction distribution
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 545686296500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1784                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     13097774                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              13099558                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        28640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    216845376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              216874016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 545686296500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         5570256500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            889000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        4367290000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  69403296                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          8518492                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.009923                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.099117                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                8433966     99.01%     99.01% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  84526      0.99%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            8518492                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      4363200                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        84525                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      8731379                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          84525                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoops                         4150313                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2168081                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      4577981                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            6                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         3935526                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          2200098                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         2200098                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           889                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      2167192                       # Transaction distribution
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
