
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               191249484500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 647336                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 819396                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   838485                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                   154.48                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1238024611                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                   100000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     129528817                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.191249                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                191249484500                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.Branches                           5618420                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.committedInsts                   100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     129528817                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data     43799218                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     43799218                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27506.539330                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27506.539330                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26506.539330                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26506.539330                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data     43788590                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        43788590                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    292339500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    292339500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000243                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000243                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        10628                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         10628                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    281711500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    281711500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000243                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000243                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4638                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         4638                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40928.850255                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40928.850255                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data         2087                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          2087                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.550022                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.550022                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         2551                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         2551                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    104409497                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    104409497                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.550022                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.550022                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2551                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         2551                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      7217753                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7217753                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23632.813042                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23632.813042                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22632.813042                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22632.813042                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data      7188923                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        7188923                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    681334000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    681334000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.003994                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.003994                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        28830                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        28830                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    652504000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    652504000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.003994                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003994                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28830                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        28830                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    41.763066                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               287                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        11986                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data     51016971                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     51016971                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24676.200010                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24676.200010                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23676.200010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23676.200010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data     50977513                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         50977513                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    973673500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    973673500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000773                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000773                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        39458                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          39458                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    934215500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    934215500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000773                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000773                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        39458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data     51021609                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     51021609                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23177.735723                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23177.735723                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24723.868623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24723.868623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data     50979600                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        50979600                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    973673500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    973673500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000823                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000823                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        42009                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         42009                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1038624997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1038624997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000823                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000823                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        42009                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        42009                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 191249484500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                  39961                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          112                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          341                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1595                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs           1214.539956                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        102085227                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2022.618071                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.987606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.987606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 191249484500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             42009                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         102085227                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          2022.618071                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            51021609                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            181500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks        38701                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             38701                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dtb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 191249484500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                    43803856                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            79                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 191249484500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     7217753                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            72                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 191249484500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 191249484500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst    139165069                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    139165069                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 92618.870728                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92618.870728                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 91618.870728                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91618.870728                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst    139163723                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       139163723                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    124665000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    124665000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000010                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1346                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1346                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    123319000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    123319000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst    139165069                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    139165069                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 92618.870728                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 92618.870728                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 91618.870728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91618.870728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst    139163723                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        139163723                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    124665000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    124665000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000010                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1346                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1346                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    123319000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    123319000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst    139165069                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    139165069                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 92618.870728                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 92618.870728                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 91618.870728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91618.870728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst    139163723                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       139163723                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    124665000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    124665000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000010                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1346                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1346                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    123319000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    123319000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1346                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1346                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 191249484500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.replacements                    167                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1179                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          103391.581724                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        278331484                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1172.359827                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.572441                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.572441                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1179                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.575684                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 191249484500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1346                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         278331484                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1172.359827                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           139165069                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             87500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::.writebacks          167                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total               167                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 191249484500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 191249484500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 191249484500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                   139165069                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            94                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 191249484500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 191249484500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                        382498969                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  382498969                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads             37965265                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes            52208465                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      5138034                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                5707266                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       5707266                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              4658582                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             4885696                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      316255                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             125550466                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    125550466                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           294168655                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          114123176                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    43803356                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      51021044                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    7217688                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                350142      0.27%      0.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  73094966     56.43%     56.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   134101      0.10%     56.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                   1267028      0.98%     57.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                 1914704      1.48%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      450      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   162810      0.13%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      204      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                   180752      0.14%     59.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                  401212      0.31%     59.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     59.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     59.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    110      0.00%     59.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     59.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     59.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     59.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd              339760      0.26%     60.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     60.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     60.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt              545700      0.42%     60.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv               63423      0.05%     60.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     60.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              52411      0.04%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                 42319781     32.67%     93.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 6838372      5.28%     98.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead             1483575      1.15%     99.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             379316      0.29%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  129528817                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    191249484500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    34                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks          680                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total           680                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1346                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1346                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 90773.033708                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90773.033708                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 80773.033708                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80773.033708                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu.inst             11                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                 11                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    121182000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    121182000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991828                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.991828                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1335                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             1335                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    107832000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    107832000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991828                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991828                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1335                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1335                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data         28830                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             28830                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 95411.308204                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95411.308204                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 85411.308204                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85411.308204                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data             25222                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 25222                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    344244000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     344244000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.125147                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.125147                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data            3608                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                3608                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    308164000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    308164000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.125147                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.125147                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3608                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           3608                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data        13179                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         13179                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 126630.667346                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126630.667346                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 116630.667346                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116630.667346                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data         11216                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             11216                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    248576000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    248576000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.148949                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.148949                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data         1963                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1963                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    228946000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    228946000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.148949                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.148949                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1963                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1963                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks          167                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          167                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks          167                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              167                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        38701                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        38701                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        38701                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            38701                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst             1346                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.data            42009                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                43355                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 90773.033708                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 106411.775265                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 103388.647553                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 80773.033708                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 96411.775265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93388.647553                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.inst                   11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.data                36438                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    36449                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    121182000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    592820000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        714002000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst        0.991828                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data        0.132614                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.159290                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.inst               1335                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.data               5571                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   6906                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    107832000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    537110000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    644942000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991828                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.132614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.159290                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          1335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          5571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              6906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst            1346                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.data           42009                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               43355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 90773.033708                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 106411.775265                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 103388.647553                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 80773.033708                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 96411.775265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93388.647553                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.inst                  11                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.data               36438                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   36449                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    121182000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    592820000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       714002000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst       0.991828                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data       0.132614                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.159290                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.inst              1335                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.data              5571                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  6906                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    107832000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    537110000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    644942000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991828                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.132614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.159290                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1335                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5571                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             6906                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 191249484500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.replacements                           4086                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3981                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     10.231311                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                    91575                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     165.500278                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst       261.850750                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data      3210.791307                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.040405                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst        0.063928                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data        0.783885                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.888218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          4007                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.978271                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 191249484500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      8093                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                     91575                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  3638.142334                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       82802                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks                 689                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       689                       # number of writebacks
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                   25156542.66                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                53927.93                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       630.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1335.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      5415.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     35177.93                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         2.26                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      2.31                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.02                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.20                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.23                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      20.79                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       446746                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           446746                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.inst            446746                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.data           1864287                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total               2311034                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.writebacks         230568                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.inst           446746                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.data          1864287                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total              2541602                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::.writebacks         230568                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total               230568                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         2735                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    172.203291                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   100.403932                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   256.240742                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1989     72.72%     72.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          314     11.48%     84.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383           94      3.44%     87.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           69      2.52%     90.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           27      0.99%     91.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           32      1.17%     92.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           30      1.10%     93.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           21      0.77%     94.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          159      5.81%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         2735                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 432000                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  441984                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    9984                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   38976                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                44096                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        85440                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         85440                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          85440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.data         356544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             441984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::.writebacks        44096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           44096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1335                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         5571                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     39947.19                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     55768.08                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        85440                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       346560                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 446746.302210294292                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 1812083.315706924070                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     53329500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    310684000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          689                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 5224419821.08                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        38976                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 203796.627749864594                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 3599625256722                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                    59                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds           35                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState               15826                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState                583                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds           35                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.inst            1335                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.data            5571                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                6906                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::.writebacks          689                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                689                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    62.66                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               453                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                61                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                78                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10               62                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      0.236476354500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 191249484500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           35                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean     190.942857                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    906.424129                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-255            34     97.14%     97.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            1      2.86%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            35                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    6252                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     445                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                      39                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      6906                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  6906                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        6906                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 60.70                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     4097                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    156                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   33750000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  191063941500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               364013500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    237451000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           35                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.400000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.360355                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.193118                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               13     37.14%     37.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               19     54.29%     91.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                1      2.86%     94.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                2      5.71%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            35                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      689                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  689                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        689                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                83.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     527                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            171862980                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 10124520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2155368930                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            251.177073                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     54329500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     242840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 183919654750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   2148216500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     157863000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4726580750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             29672640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  5381310                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       824877600                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                23576280                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         574073760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy      44240879040                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy            48037485690                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         190623033000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                1284120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            164006670                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                  9403380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      1383352380                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            248.625702                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     25273000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     197600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 185303994250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   2506041750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     182843499                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   3033732001                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             17355840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                  4998015                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       962320320                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                24618720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         467126400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy      44514045060                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy            47549537355                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         188727668001                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                1894860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        15467                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        15467                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  15467                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       486080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       486080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  486080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 191249484500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            11962696                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           36716250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              6906                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    6906    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                6906                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         1655                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          8561                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               3298                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          689                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              966                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              3608                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3608                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          3298                       # Transaction distribution
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 191249484500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2859                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       123979                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                126838                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        96832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      5165440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                5262272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 191249484500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           80609500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           2019000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          63013500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     44096                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            47441                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.065597                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.247579                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  44329     93.44%     93.44% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   3112      6.56%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              47441                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        40128                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         3111                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        83483                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           3111                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoops                            4086                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             14525                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        39390                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          167                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            4657                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            28830                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           28830                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1346                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        13179                       # Transaction distribution
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
