
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               192027275500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 630580                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 827924                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   816781                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                   158.58                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1210883399                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                   100000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     129528817                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.192027                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                192027275500                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.Branches                           5618420                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.committedInsts                   100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     129528817                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data     43800250                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     43800250                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17717.388242                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17717.388242                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16717.388242                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16717.388242                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data     43778954                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        43778954                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    377309500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    377309500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000486                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000486                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        21296                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         21296                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    356013500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    356013500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000486                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000486                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        21296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        21296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4638                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         4638                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40761.790329                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40761.790329                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data         2115                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          2115                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.543984                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.543984                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         2523                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         2523                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    102841997                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    102841997                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.543984                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.543984                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2523                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         2523                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      7217820                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7217820                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23293.985224                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23293.985224                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22293.985224                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22293.985224                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data      7160295                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        7160295                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1339986500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1339986500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007970                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007970                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        57525                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        57525                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1282461500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1282461500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007970                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007970                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        57525                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        57525                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   228.857143                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                14                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         3204                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data     51018070                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     51018070                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21787.290189                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21787.290189                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20787.290189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20787.290189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data     50939249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         50939249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1717296000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1717296000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.001545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        78821                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          78821                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1638475000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1638475000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.001545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        78821                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        78821                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data     51022708                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     51022708                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21111.526357                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21111.526357                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21406.827756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21406.827756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data     50941364                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        50941364                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1717296000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1717296000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.001594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        81344                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         81344                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1741316997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1741316997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.001594                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001594                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        81344                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        81344                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 192027275500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                  77248                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          215                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          662                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3219                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            627.246115                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        102126760                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  4038.028601                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.985847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.985847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 192027275500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             81344                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         102126760                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          4038.028601                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            51022708                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            181500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks        75623                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             75623                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dtb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 192027275500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                    43804888                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            79                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 192027275500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     7217820                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            72                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 192027275500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 192027275500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst    139165069                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    139165069                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 87885.348938                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87885.348938                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 86885.348938                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86885.348938                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst    139162762                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       139162762                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    202751500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    202751500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000017                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2307                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          2307                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    200444500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    200444500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2307                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2307                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst    139165069                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    139165069                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 87885.348938                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87885.348938                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 86885.348938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86885.348938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst    139162762                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        139162762                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    202751500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    202751500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000017                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2307                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           2307                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    200444500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    200444500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst    139165069                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    139165069                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 87885.348938                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87885.348938                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 86885.348938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86885.348938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst    139162762                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       139162762                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    202751500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    202751500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000017                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2307                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          2307                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    200444500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    200444500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2307                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2307                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 192027275500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.replacements                    217                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2090                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          60322.960121                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        278332445                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  2074.681617                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.506514                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.506514                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2090                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.510254                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 192027275500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              2307                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         278332445                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          2074.681617                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           139165069                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             87500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::.writebacks          217                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total               217                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 192027275500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 192027275500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 192027275500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                   139165069                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            94                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 192027275500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 192027275500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                        384054551                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  384054551                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads             37965265                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes            52208465                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      5138034                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                5707266                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       5707266                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              4658582                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             4885696                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      316255                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             125550466                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    125550466                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           294168655                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          114123176                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    43803356                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      51021044                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    7217688                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                350142      0.27%      0.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  73094966     56.43%     56.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   134101      0.10%     56.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                   1267028      0.98%     57.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                 1914704      1.48%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      450      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   162810      0.13%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      204      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                   180752      0.14%     59.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                  401212      0.31%     59.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     59.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     59.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    110      0.00%     59.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     59.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     59.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     59.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd              339760      0.26%     60.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     60.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     60.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt              545700      0.42%     60.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv               63423      0.05%     60.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     60.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              52411      0.04%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                 42319781     32.67%     93.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 6838372      5.28%     98.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead             1483575      1.15%     99.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             379316      0.29%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  129528817                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    192027275500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    34                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks           78                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            78                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         2307                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           2307                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 85645.933014                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85645.933014                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 75645.933014                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75645.933014                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu.inst              8                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                  8                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    196900000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    196900000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.996532                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.996532                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2299                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             2299                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    173910000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    173910000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.996532                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996532                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2299                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         2299                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data         57525                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             57525                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 87294.319803                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87294.319803                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77294.319803                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77294.319803                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data             49814                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 49814                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    673126500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     673126500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.134046                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.134046                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data            7711                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                7711                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    596016500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    596016500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.134046                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.134046                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7711                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           7711                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data        23819                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         23819                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 93287.081340                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93287.081340                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 83287.081340                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83287.081340                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data         21729                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             21729                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    194970000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    194970000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.087745                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.087745                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data         2090                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            2090                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    174070000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    174070000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.087745                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.087745                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2090                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         2090                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks          217                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          217                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks          217                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              217                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        75623                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        75623                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        75623                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            75623                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst             2307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.data            81344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                83651                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 85645.933014                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 88572.237527                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 88016.239669                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 75645.933014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78572.237527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78016.239669                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.inst                    8                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.data                71543                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    71551                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    196900000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    868096500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       1064996500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst        0.996532                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data        0.120488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.144649                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.inst               2299                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.data               9801                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  12100                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    173910000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    770086500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    943996500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.996532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.120488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.144649                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          2299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          9801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             12100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst            2307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.data           81344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               83651                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 85645.933014                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 88572.237527                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 88016.239669                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 75645.933014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78572.237527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78016.239669                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.inst                   8                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.data               71543                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   71551                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    196900000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    868096500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      1064996500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst       0.996532                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data       0.120488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.144649                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.inst              2299                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.data              9801                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 12100                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    173910000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    770086500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    943996500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.996532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.120488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.144649                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2299                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9801                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            12100                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 192027275500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.replacements                            669                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        11558                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     13.170688                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   173343                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks      93.794383                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst      1901.813573                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data      7716.044653                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.002862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst        0.058039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data        0.235475                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.296376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         11558                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.352722                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 192027275500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     12227                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    173343                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  9711.652609                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      161038                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks                   7                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                         7                       # number of writebacks
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                   14385746.39                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37196.42                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples         6.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2299.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      9800.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18446.42                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         4.03                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      2.02                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       5.66                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       383112                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           383112                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.inst            383112                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.data           1633268                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total               2016380                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.writebacks           1167                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.inst           383112                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.data          1633268                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total              2017547                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::.writebacks           1167                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total                 1167                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         3032                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    255.387863                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   160.886094                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   302.747816                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127          723     23.85%     23.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1595     52.61%     76.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          138      4.55%     81.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          101      3.33%     84.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           57      1.88%     86.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           38      1.25%     87.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           27      0.89%     88.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           27      0.89%     89.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          326     10.75%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         3032                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 774336                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  387200                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                      64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                  224                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        73568                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         73568                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          73568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.data         313632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             387200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::.writebacks          224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total             224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2299                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         9801                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     34838.08                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     37745.82                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        73568                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       313600                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 383112.241781506687                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 1633101.335127779748                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     80092750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    369946750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks            7                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState               25710                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState                  0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.inst            2299                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.data            9801                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               12100                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::.writebacks            7                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                  7                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    74.90                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               889                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               772                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               774                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               942                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              890                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      0.000001100750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 192027275500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   11197                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     460                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     435                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     12100                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                 12100                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       12100                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 74.94                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     9067                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   60495000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  174168231500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               450039500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    223183250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        7                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    7                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          7                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                 0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            159151410                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 10324440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      1897000470                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            249.033912                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     18017500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     198120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 186073112750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1404861000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     172887750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4160276500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             15324480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  5487570                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       539501760                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                41412000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         468355680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy      44684654460                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy            47821303620                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         173792478000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            161962650                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 11324040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      1972698750                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            248.989146                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     18082000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     194480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 186182948250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1123443000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     182027500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4326294750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             15112320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                  6018870                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       431430720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                44974860                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         459750720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy      44709353940                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy            47812707390                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         173787854750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        24379                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        24379                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  24379                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       387424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       387424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  387424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 192027275500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            12429478                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           40091500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             12100                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   12100    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               12100                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests          179                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         12279                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               4389                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty            7                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              172                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              7711                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             7711                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          4389                       # Transaction distribution
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 192027275500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         4831                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       239936                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                244767                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        80768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      5022944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                5103712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 192027275500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          118478000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           2307000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          81344000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                       224                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            84320                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.006736                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.081798                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  83752     99.33%     99.33% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    568      0.67%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              84320                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        77465                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          568                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       161116                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            568                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoops                             669                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             26126                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        75630                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          217                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2287                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            57525                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           57525                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          2307                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        23819                       # Transaction distribution
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
