
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               392919853500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 444129                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 810872                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   558661                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                   225.17                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1744984456                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                   100000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     125794192                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.392920                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                392919853500                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.Branches                           5058750                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.committedInsts                   100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     125794192                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data     47308635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     47308635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69549.767983                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69549.767983                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68549.767983                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68549.767983                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data     46060664                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        46060664                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  86796093500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  86796093500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026379                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026379                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data      1247971                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       1247971                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  85548122500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  85548122500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026379                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026379                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1247971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1247971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 93030.027954                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93030.027954                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6096815912                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6096815912                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data     17644618                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17644618                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 84353.244002                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84353.244002                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 83353.244002                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83353.244002                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data     16374135                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       16374135                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data 107169362500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 107169362500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.072004                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.072004                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data      1270483                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1270483                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 105898879500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 105898879500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.072004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.072004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1270483                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1270483                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    71.663971                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             20278                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1453202                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data     64953253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     64953253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77017.668776                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77017.668776                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76017.668776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76017.668776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data     62434799                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         62434799                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data 193965456000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 193965456000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038773                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.038773                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data      2518454                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        2518454                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 191447002000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 191447002000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038773                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038773                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      2518454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2518454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data     65018789                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     65018789                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75064.321456                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75064.321456                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76449.141797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76449.141797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data     62434799                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        62434799                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data 193965456000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 193965456000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.039742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data      2583990                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       2583990                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 197543817912                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 197543817912                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      2583990                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2583990                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 392919853500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                2581942                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           67                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          307                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1172                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          502                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             25.162167                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses         67602779                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1943.176635                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.948817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.948817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 392919853500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           2583990                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          67602779                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1943.176635                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            65018789                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            195500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks      1570194                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           1570194                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dtb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 392919853500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                    47374171                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                        154481                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 392919853500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                    17644618                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        392711                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 392919853500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 392919853500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst    135711381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    135711381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 89129.981025                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89129.981025                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 88129.981025                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88129.981025                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst    135710854                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       135710854                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46971500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     46971500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          527                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           527                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46444500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46444500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst    135711381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    135711381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 89129.981025                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 89129.981025                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 88129.981025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88129.981025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst    135710854                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        135710854                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46971500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     46971500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          527                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            527                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46444500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     46444500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst    135711381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    135711381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 89129.981025                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 89129.981025                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 88129.981025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88129.981025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst    135710854                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       135710854                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46971500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     46971500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          527                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           527                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46444500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     46444500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          527                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          527                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 392919853500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.replacements                      6                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          521                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          257516.851992                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        271423289                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   427.059487                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.208525                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.208525                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          521                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.254395                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 392919853500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         271423289                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           427.059487                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           135711381                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             87500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::.writebacks            6                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total                 6                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 392919853500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 392919853500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 392919853500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                   135711381                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            47                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 392919853500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 392919853500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                        785839707                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  785839707                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads             26576152                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes            36968375                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      3953451                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    835                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           835                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 1311                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 577                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       69322                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             124833182                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    124833182                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           314540083                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          102332169                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    47374160                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      65018778                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   17644618                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                960292      0.76%      0.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  59683576     47.45%     48.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   130946      0.10%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        70      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      21      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      142      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      126      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     241      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                 47374078     37.66%     85.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                17644454     14.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                  82      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                164      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  125794192                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    392919853500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    89                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks        64396                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total         64396                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          527                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            527                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 86771.863118                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86771.863118                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 76771.863118                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76771.863118                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu.inst              1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                  1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45642000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     45642000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.998102                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.998102                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu.inst          526                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              526                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40382000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40382000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.998102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          526                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          526                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data       1270483                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           1270483                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 88240.312597                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88240.312597                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78240.312597                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78240.312597                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data            104510                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                104510                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data 102885822000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  102885822000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.917740                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.917740                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data         1165973                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             1165973                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  91226092000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  91226092000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.917740                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.917740                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1165973                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        1165973                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1313507                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       1313507                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 82195.508855                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82195.508855                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72195.508855                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72195.508855                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data        255514                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            255514                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  86962273000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  86962273000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.805472                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.805472                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data      1057993                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1057993                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  76382343000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  76382343000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.805472                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.805472                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1057993                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      1057993                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks            6                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            6                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks            6                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                6                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks      1570194                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1570194                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks      1570194                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          1570194                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst              527                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.data          2583990                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              2584517                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 86771.863118                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 85364.657104                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85364.989849                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 76771.863118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75364.657104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75364.989849                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.inst                    1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.data               360024                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   360025                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45642000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data 189848095000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     189893737000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst        0.998102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data        0.860671                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.860699                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.inst                526                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.data            2223966                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                2224492                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40382000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 167608435000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 167648817000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.998102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.860671                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.860699                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst           526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       2223966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           2224492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst             527                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         2583990                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             2584517                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 86771.863118                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 85364.657104                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85364.989849                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 76771.863118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75364.657104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75364.989849                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.inst                   1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.data              360024                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  360025                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45642000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data 189848095000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    189893737000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst       0.998102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data       0.860671                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.860699                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.inst               526                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.data           2223966                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               2224492                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40382000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 167608435000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 167648817000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.998102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.860671                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.860699                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          526                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      2223966                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          2224492                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 392919853500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.replacements                        2244147                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1150                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         7065                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         8015                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.257022                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  7426995                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     288.552523                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst        20.012312                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data     15178.074862                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.017612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst        0.001221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data        0.926396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.945229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 392919853500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   2260531                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   7426995                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 15486.639698                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     5102068                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks             1199688                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   1199688                       # number of writebacks
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     114748.55                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                34589.87                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples   1199574.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       526.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples   2222810.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     15839.87                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       362.14                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    362.33                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       195.39                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    195.41                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.03                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         4.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     2.83                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    1.53                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        85677                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            85677                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.inst             85677                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.data         362246455                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             362332131                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.writebacks      195408889                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.inst            85677                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.data        362246455                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            557741020                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::.writebacks      195408889                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            195408889                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       428909                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    510.748079                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   305.865879                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   403.053592                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       124461     29.02%     29.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        36093      8.42%     37.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        32330      7.54%     44.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        17282      4.03%     49.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        56144     13.09%     62.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         8154      1.90%     63.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        10007      2.33%     66.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        10751      2.51%     68.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       133687     31.17%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       428909                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              142293504                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               142367488                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   73984                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                76771264                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             76780032                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        33664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         33664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          33664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.data      142333824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          142367488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::.writebacks     76780032                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        76780032                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          526                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data      2223966                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     35951.05                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     34571.57                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        33664                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data    142259840                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 85676.505526845300                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 362058162.072484791279                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     18910250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  76885985362                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks      1199688                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   7914793.48                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     76771264                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 195386573.918693572283                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 9495282761348                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                   114                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds        74426                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState             5644249                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState            1126788                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds        74426                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.inst             526                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.data         2223966                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             2224492                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::.writebacks      1199688                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1199688                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    87.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            138909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            138963                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            139168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            139082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            138654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            138920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            139354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            139108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            138702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            138643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           138825                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           138893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           138495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           139021                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           138928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           139671                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             74961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             75133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             75492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             75500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             74695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             74554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             75104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             74990                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             74533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             74602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            74735                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            74922                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            74537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            74977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            74976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            75840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      0.142427597748                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 392919853500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        74426                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      29.873015                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     27.798906                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     59.140005                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-511         74383     99.94%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023           39      0.05%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1535            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3583            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11775            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         74426                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 2187402                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   30434                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3135                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                    2365                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   2224492                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               2224492                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     2224492                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 87.13                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  1937154                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                   1156                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                11116680000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  392919702500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             76904895612                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  35217345612                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        74426                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.117365                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.110620                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.484850                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            70179     94.29%     94.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               88      0.12%     94.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18             3860      5.19%     99.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              289      0.39%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                4      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23                3      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::25                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         74426                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   4153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   4253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  73269                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  73746                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  74263                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  74448                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  74494                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  74631                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  74921                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  74894                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  74470                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  74482                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  74449                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  74458                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  74748                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  74732                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  74492                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  74622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1199688                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              1199688                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1199688                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                88.10                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 1056819                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          26349311340                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               1535749740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy     88172627970                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            493.283289                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1107299750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF    9957740000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF  94004433000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  45094719283                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   49393141918                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 193362519549                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           1015253280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                816262755                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     17316680160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              7940808120                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         23540097360.000004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy      23985649440                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           193820797695                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         332461001832                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             3134239380                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          26367368940                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               1526696220                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy     88201146780                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            492.922787                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1099918499                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF    9943700000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF  94437399500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  44557281548                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   49457229154                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 193424324799                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           1016860320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                811446900                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     17110059360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              7933810920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         23506906800.000004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy      24063866100                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           193679149230                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         332418904847                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             3127416840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      6656417                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      6656417                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                6656417                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    219147520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    219147520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               219147520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 392919853500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          9265836427                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        11739211638                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           2224492                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 2224492    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             2224492                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2207433                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       4431925                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            1058519                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1199688                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          1007745                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           1165973                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          1165973                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       1058519                       # Transaction distribution
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 392919853500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1060                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      7749922                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               7750982                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        34112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    265867776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              265901888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 392919853500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         4153432500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            790500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        3875985000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  76780032                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          4828664                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.020940                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.143183                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                4727553     97.91%     97.91% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                 101111      2.09%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            4828664                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2581948                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       101110                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      5166465                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         101110                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoops                         2244147                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1314034                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2769882                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            6                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         2056207                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1270483                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1270483                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           527                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1313507                       # Transaction distribution
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
