
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               191160575500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 649908                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 822500                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   841817                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                   153.87                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1242366126                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                   100000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     129528817                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.191161                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                191160575500                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.Branches                           5618420                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.committedInsts                   100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     129528817                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data     43799218                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     43799218                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18998.306361                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18998.306361                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17998.306361                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17998.306361                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data     43788590                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        43788590                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    201914000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    201914000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000243                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000243                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        10628                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         10628                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    191286000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    191286000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000243                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000243                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4638                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         4638                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41026.067033                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41026.067033                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data         2087                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          2087                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.550022                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.550022                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         2551                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         2551                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    104657497                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    104657497                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.550022                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.550022                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2551                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         2551                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      7217753                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7217753                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23283.159903                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23283.159903                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22283.159903                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22283.159903                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data      7188923                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        7188923                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    671253500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    671253500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.003994                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.003994                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        28830                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        28830                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    642423500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    642423500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.003994                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003994                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28830                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        28830                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    42.213287                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               286                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        12073                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data     51016971                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     51016971                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22129.035937                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22129.035937                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21129.035937                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21129.035937                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data     50977513                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         50977513                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    873167500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    873167500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000773                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000773                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        39458                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          39458                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    833709500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    833709500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000773                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000773                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        39458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data     51021609                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     51021609                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20785.248399                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20785.248399                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22337.284796                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22337.284796                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data     50979600                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        50979600                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    873167500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    873167500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000823                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000823                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        42009                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         42009                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    938366997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    938366997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000823                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000823                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        42009                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        42009                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 191160575500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                  39961                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          112                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          341                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1595                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs           1214.539956                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        102085227                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2022.598153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.987597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.987597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 191160575500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             42009                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         102085227                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          2022.598153                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            51021609                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            181500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks        38890                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             38890                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dtb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 191160575500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                    43803856                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            79                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 191160575500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     7217753                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            72                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 191160575500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 191160575500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst    139165069                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    139165069                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62867.431193                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62867.431193                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61867.431193                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61867.431193                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst    139162889                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       139162889                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    137051000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    137051000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000016                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2180                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          2180                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    134871000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    134871000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst    139165069                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    139165069                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62867.431193                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62867.431193                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61867.431193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61867.431193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst    139162889                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        139162889                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    137051000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    137051000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000016                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2180                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           2180                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    134871000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    134871000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst    139165069                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    139165069                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62867.431193                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62867.431193                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61867.431193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61867.431193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst    139162889                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       139162889                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    137051000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    137051000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000016                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2180                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          2180                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    134871000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    134871000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2180                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2180                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 191160575500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.replacements                   1669                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          506                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          63837.187615                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        278332318                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   510.684226                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.997430                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997430                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 191160575500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              2180                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         278332318                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           510.684226                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           139165069                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             87500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::.writebacks         1669                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total              1669                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 191160575500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 191160575500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 191160575500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                   139165069                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            94                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 191160575500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 191160575500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                        382321151                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  382321151                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads             37965265                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes            52208465                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      5138034                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                5707266                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       5707266                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              4658582                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             4885696                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      316255                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             125550466                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    125550466                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           294168655                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          114123176                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    43803356                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      51021044                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    7217688                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                350142      0.27%      0.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  73094966     56.43%     56.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   134101      0.10%     56.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                   1267028      0.98%     57.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                 1914704      1.48%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      450      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   162810      0.13%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      204      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                   180752      0.14%     59.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                  401212      0.31%     59.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     59.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     59.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    110      0.00%     59.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     59.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     59.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     59.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd              339760      0.26%     60.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     60.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     60.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt              545700      0.42%     60.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv               63423      0.05%     60.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     60.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              52411      0.04%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                 42319781     32.67%     93.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 6838372      5.28%     98.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead             1483575      1.15%     99.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             379316      0.29%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  129528817                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    191160575500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    34                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks           56                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            56                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         2180                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           2180                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 90658.185841                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90658.185841                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 80658.185841                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80658.185841                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu.inst            824                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                824                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    122932500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    122932500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.622018                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.622018                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1356                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             1356                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    109372500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    109372500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.622018                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.622018                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1356                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1356                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data         28830                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             28830                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 95882.997118                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95882.997118                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 85882.997118                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85882.997118                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data             25360                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 25360                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    332714000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     332714000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.120361                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.120361                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data            3470                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                3470                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    298014000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    298014000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.120361                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.120361                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3470                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           3470                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data        13179                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         13179                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 97926.078680                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97926.078680                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 87926.078680                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87926.078680                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data         11603                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             11603                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    154331500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    154331500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.119584                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.119584                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data         1576                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1576                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    138571500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    138571500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.119584                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.119584                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1576                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1576                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks         1668                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         1668                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks         1668                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             1668                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        38890                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        38890                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        38890                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            38890                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst             2180                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.data            42009                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                44189                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 90658.185841                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 96521.105826                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95279.287723                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 80658.185841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 86521.105826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85279.287723                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.inst                  824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.data                36963                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    37787                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    122932500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    487045500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        609978000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst        0.622018                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data        0.120117                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.144878                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.inst               1356                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.data               5046                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   6402                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    109372500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    436585500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    545958000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.622018                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.120117                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.144878                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          1356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          5046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              6402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst            2180                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.data           42009                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               44189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 90658.185841                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 96521.105826                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95279.287723                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 80658.185841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 86521.105826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85279.287723                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.inst                 824                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.data               36963                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   37787                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    122932500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    487045500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       609978000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst       0.622018                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data       0.120117                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.144878                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.inst              1356                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.data              5046                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  6402                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    109372500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    436585500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    545958000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.622018                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.120117                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.144878                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1356                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5046                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             6402                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 191160575500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.replacements                            501                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         6020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     13.151664                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                    92339                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks      65.729815                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst      1090.417119                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data      3951.932608                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.004012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst        0.066554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data        0.241207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.311772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          6020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.367432                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 191160575500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      6521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                     92339                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  5108.079542                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       85762                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks                  26                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                        26                       # number of writebacks
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                   26965230.63                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                44491.31                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples        18.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1356.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      5031.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     25741.31                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         2.14                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      2.14                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.02                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.01                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      15.40                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       453985                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           453985                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.inst            453985                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.data           1689386                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total               2143371                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.writebacks           8705                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.inst           453985                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.data          1689386                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total              2152076                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::.writebacks           8705                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total                 8705                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         2374                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    172.185341                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    99.605225                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   258.874518                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1752     73.80%     73.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          249     10.49%     84.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383           78      3.29%     87.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           65      2.74%     90.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           18      0.76%     91.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           22      0.93%     92.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           28      1.18%     93.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           19      0.80%     93.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          143      6.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         2374                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 408768                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  409728                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                 1664                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        86784                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         86784                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          86784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.data         322944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             409728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::.writebacks         1664                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total            1664                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1356                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         5046                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     39825.41                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     45612.91                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        86784                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       321984                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 453984.822827654600                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 1684364.043986674398                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     54003250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    230162750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks           26                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     8                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState               14131                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState                  0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.inst            1356                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.data            5046                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                6402                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::.writebacks           26                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                 26                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    62.65                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      0.000001100750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 191160575500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    5893                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     449                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                      35                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      6402                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  6402                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        6402                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 62.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     4013                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     15                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   31935000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  173332502500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               284166000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    164409750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                       26                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                   26                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                         26                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                 0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            118443150                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                  8418060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      1853115030                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            248.234914                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     19703500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     178620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 185787897500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1010336750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     100272250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4063745500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             14529600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  4474305                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       388017120                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                21805560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         422257680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy      44621314320                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy            47452728975                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         173048806000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            115731090                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                  8532300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      1260861090                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            247.363089                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     16969000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     168480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 186094873250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   2011805000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     103180250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   2765268000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             13231680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                  4535025                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       772565280                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                23797620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         398286720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy      44688296040                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy            47286070425                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         173051927750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        13103                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        13103                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  13103                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       411392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       411392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  411392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 191160575500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             7308949                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           34061500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              6402                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    6402    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                6402                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests          299                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          6701                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               2932                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           26                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              273                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              3470                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3470                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          2932                       # Transaction distribution
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 191160575500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         6029                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       123979                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                130008                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       246336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      5177536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                5423872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 191160575500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           83468500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           3270000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          63013500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                      1664                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            44690                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.005795                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.075908                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  44431     99.42%     99.42% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    259      0.58%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              44690                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        41630                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          258                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        85819                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            258                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoops                             501                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             15359                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        38916                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         1669                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            1546                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            28830                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           28830                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          2180                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        13179                       # Transaction distribution
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
