
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               190730068500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 644601                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 823584                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   834944                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                   155.13                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1229446947                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                   100000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     129528817                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.190730                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                190730068500                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.Branches                           5618420                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.committedInsts                   100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     129528817                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data     43799218                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     43799218                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77722.502523                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77722.502523                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76722.502523                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76722.502523                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data     43798227                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        43798227                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     77023000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     77023000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000023                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          991                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           991                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     76032000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76032000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4638                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         4638                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 92250.541304                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92250.541304                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data         3718                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          3718                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.198361                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.198361                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          920                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total          920                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     84870498                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     84870498                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.198361                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.198361                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          920                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          920                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      7217753                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7217753                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 92630.241935                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92630.241935                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 91630.241935                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91630.241935                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data      7214033                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        7214033                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    344584500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    344584500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000515                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000515                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         3720                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3720                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    340864500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    340864500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000515                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000515                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3720                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3720                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   213.121212                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                33                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         7033                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data     51016971                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     51016971                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 89494.268733                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 89494.268733                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 88494.268733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88494.268733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data     51012260                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         51012260                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    421607500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    421607500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000092                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000092                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         4711                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total           4711                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    416896500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    416896500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000092                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000092                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data     51021609                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     51021609                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74872.580359                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 74872.580359                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 89107.973362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89107.973362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data     51015978                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        51015978                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    421607500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    421607500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000110                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000110                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         5631                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total          5631                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    501766998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    501766998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000110                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000110                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5631                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5631                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 190730068500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                   1537                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4076                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs           9060.843367                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        102048849                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3536.393369                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.863377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.863377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4094                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999512                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 190730068500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              5631                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         102048849                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          3536.393369                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            51021609                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            181500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          940                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total               940                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dtb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 190730068500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                    43803856                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            79                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 190730068500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     7217753                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            72                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 190730068500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 190730068500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst    139165069                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    139165069                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 92618.499257                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92618.499257                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 91618.499257                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91618.499257                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst    139163723                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       139163723                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    124664500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    124664500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000010                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1346                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1346                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    123318500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    123318500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst    139165069                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    139165069                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 92618.499257                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 92618.499257                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 91618.499257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91618.499257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst    139163723                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        139163723                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    124664500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    124664500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000010                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1346                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1346                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    123318500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    123318500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst    139165069                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    139165069                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 92618.499257                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 92618.499257                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 91618.499257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91618.499257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst    139163723                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       139163723                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    124664500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    124664500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000010                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1346                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1346                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    123318500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    123318500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1346                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1346                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 190730068500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.replacements                    167                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1179                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          103391.581724                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        278331484                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1172.352128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.572438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.572438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1179                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.575684                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 190730068500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1346                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         278331484                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1172.352128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           139165069                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             87500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::.writebacks          167                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total               167                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 190730068500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 190730068500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 190730068500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                   139165069                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            94                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 190730068500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 190730068500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                        381460137                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  381460137                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads             37965265                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes            52208465                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      5138034                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                5707266                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       5707266                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              4658582                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             4885696                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      316255                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             125550466                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    125550466                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           294168655                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          114123176                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    43803356                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      51021044                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    7217688                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                350142      0.27%      0.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  73094966     56.43%     56.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   134101      0.10%     56.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                   1267028      0.98%     57.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                 1914704      1.48%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      450      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   162810      0.13%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      204      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                   180752      0.14%     59.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                  401212      0.31%     59.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     59.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     59.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    110      0.00%     59.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     59.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     59.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     59.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd              339760      0.26%     60.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     60.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     60.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt              545700      0.42%     60.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv               63423      0.05%     60.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     60.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              52411      0.04%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     60.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                 42319781     32.67%     93.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 6838372      5.28%     98.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead             1483575      1.15%     99.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             379316      0.29%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  129528817                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    190730068500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    34                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks           58                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            58                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1346                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1346                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 90772.659176                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90772.659176                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 80772.659176                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80772.659176                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu.inst             11                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                 11                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    121181500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    121181500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991828                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.991828                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1335                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             1335                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    107831500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    107831500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991828                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991828                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1335                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1335                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data          3720                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              3720                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 96089.136088                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96089.136088                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 86089.136088                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86089.136088                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data               259                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   259                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    332564500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     332564500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.930376                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.930376                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data            3461                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                3461                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    297954500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    297954500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.930376                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.930376                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3461                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           3461                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1911                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1911                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 98378.662420                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98378.662420                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 88378.662420                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88378.662420                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data           341                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total               341                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    154454500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    154454500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.821559                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.821559                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data         1570                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1570                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    138754500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    138754500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.821559                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.821559                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1570                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1570                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks          167                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          167                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks          167                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              167                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks          940                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          940                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks          940                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total              940                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst             1346                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.data             5631                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 6977                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 90772.659176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 96803.617571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95538.878417                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 80772.659176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 86803.617571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85538.878417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.inst                   11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.data                  600                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      611                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    121181500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    487019000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        608200500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst        0.991828                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data        0.893447                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.912427                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.inst               1335                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.data               5031                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   6366                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    107831500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    436709000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    544540500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991828                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.893447                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.912427                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          1335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          5031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              6366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst            1346                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.data            5631                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                6977                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 90772.659176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 96803.617571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95538.878417                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 80772.659176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 86803.617571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85538.878417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.inst                  11                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.data                 600                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     611                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    121181500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    487019000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       608200500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst       0.991828                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data       0.893447                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.912427                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.inst              1335                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.data              5031                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  6366                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    107831500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    436709000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    544540500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991828                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.893447                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.912427                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1335                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5031                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             6366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 190730068500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.replacements                            403                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         6020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.342363                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                    15103                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks      37.926570                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst      1109.872651                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data      3960.254119                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.002315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst        0.067741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data        0.241715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.311771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          6020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.367432                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 190730068500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      6423                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                     15103                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  5108.053340                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                        8622                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks                   2                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                         2                       # number of writebacks
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                   27157045.30                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                44632.27                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples         2.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1335.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      5031.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     25882.27                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         2.14                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      2.14                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.04                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       1.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       447963                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           447963                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.inst            447963                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.data           1688166                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total               2136129                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.writebacks            671                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.inst           447963                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.data          1688166                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total              2136800                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::.writebacks            671                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total                  671                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         2367                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    172.126743                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    99.648284                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   258.191023                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1749     73.89%     73.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          242     10.22%     84.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383           79      3.34%     87.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           64      2.70%     90.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           24      1.01%     91.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           24      1.01%     92.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           26      1.10%     93.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           15      0.63%     93.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          144      6.08%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         2367                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 407424                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  407424                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                  128                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        85440                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         85440                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          85440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.data         321984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             407424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::.writebacks          128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total             128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1335                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         5031                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     39947.19                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     45875.47                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        85440                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       321984                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 447962.928299373016                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 1688165.911815839354                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     53329500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    230799500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks            2                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState               14057                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState                  0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.inst            1335                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.data            5031                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                6366                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::.writebacks            2                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                  2                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    62.80                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               470                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      0.000001100750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 190730068500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    5872                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     449                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                      35                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      6366                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  6366                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        6366                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 62.82                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     3999                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   31830000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  172936064500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               284129000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    164766500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        2                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    2                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          2                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                 0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            117809880                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                  8360940                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      1834991310                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            248.175540                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     19091500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     177060000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 185404660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1005532000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT      99795000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4023930000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             14216640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  4443945                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       386065440                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                21655620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         418569840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy      44528175540                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy            47334537705                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         172655016750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            115563510                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                  8539440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      1306730700                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            247.399472                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     16945000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     167960000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 185679938750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1896254750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     103227000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   2865743000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             13152960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                  4538820                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       728158560                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                23797620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         397057440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy      44588723940                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy            47186518230                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         172655986000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        12848                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        12848                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  12848                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       407552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       407552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  407552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 190730068500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             6909997                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           33868500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              6366                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    6366    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                6366                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests          116                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          6482                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               2905                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty            2                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              114                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              3461                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3461                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          2905                       # Transaction distribution
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 190730068500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2859                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        12799                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 15658                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        96832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       420544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                 517376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 190730068500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy            5447500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           2019000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy           8446500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                       128                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples             7380                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.046883                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.211404                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                   7034     95.31%     95.31% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    346      4.69%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total               7380                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         1704                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          345                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         8681                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            345                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoops                             403                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              3257                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          942                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          167                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             998                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             3720                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            3720                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1346                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1911                       # Transaction distribution
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
