
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               1629739553500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 191982                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 827912                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   347744                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                   520.88                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             3128805052                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                   100000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     181133978                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  1.629740                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1629739553500                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.Branches                          13383360                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.committedInsts                   100000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     181133978                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data     14664129                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14664129                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 240127.819549                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 240127.819549                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 239127.819549                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239127.819549                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data     14656548                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        14656548                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1820409000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1820409000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         7581                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          7581                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1812828000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1812828000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data     70485124                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     70485124                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 85639.824930                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85639.824930                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 84639.824930                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84639.824930                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data     53905130                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       53905130                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data 1419907783500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 1419907783500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.235227                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.235227                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data     16579994                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     16579994                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 1403327789500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1403327789500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.235227                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235227                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data     16579994                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     16579994                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data     85149253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     85149253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 85710.430397                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85710.430397                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 84710.430397                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84710.430397                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data     68561678                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         68561678                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data 1421728192500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 1421728192500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.194806                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.194806                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data     16587575                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       16587575                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 1405140617500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1405140617500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.194806                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.194806                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data     16587575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     16587575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data     85149253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     85149253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 85710.430397                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85710.430397                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 84710.430397                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84710.430397                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data     68561678                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        68561678                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data 1421728192500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 1421728192500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.194806                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.194806                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data     16587575                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      16587575                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 1405140617500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1405140617500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.194806                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.194806                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data     16587575                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     16587575                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1629739553500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.replacements               16583479                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          454                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3548                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs              5.133315                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        186886081                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  4089.670997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1629739553500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          16587575                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         186886081                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          4089.670997                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            85149253                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            258500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks     16581775                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          16581775                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dtb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1629739553500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                    14664129                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                         12989                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1629739553500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                    70485124                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        130894                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1629739553500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1629739553500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst    139152120                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    139152120                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 90550.661455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90550.661455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 89550.661455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89550.661455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst    139148794                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       139148794                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    301171500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    301171500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000024                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3326                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          3326                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    297845500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    297845500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst    139152120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    139152120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 90550.661455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90550.661455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 89550.661455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89550.661455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst    139148794                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        139148794                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    301171500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    301171500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000024                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         3326                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           3326                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    297845500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    297845500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst    139152120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    139152120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 90550.661455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90550.661455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 89550.661455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89550.661455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst    139148794                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       139148794                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    301171500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    301171500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000024                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3326                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          3326                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    297845500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    297845500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3326                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3326                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1629739553500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.replacements                    737                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2587                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          41837.678894                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        278307566                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1026.094970                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.250511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.250511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2589                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.632080                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1629739553500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              3326                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         278307566                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1026.094970                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           139152120                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             87500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::.writebacks          737                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total               737                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1629739553500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1629739553500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1629739553500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                   139152120                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            75                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1629739553500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1629739553500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                       3259479107                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 3259479107                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads             66390676                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes            58331008                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     12357318                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               66079645                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                      66079645                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             66107541                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               34696                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      481409                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             180945640                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    180945640                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           393189365                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           97341166                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    14663800                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      85148913                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   70485113                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 17650      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  95763297     52.87%     52.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    94292      0.05%     52.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     79926      0.04%     52.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2214      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     4490      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       12      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     5116      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   18029      0.01%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  29      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   5      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  5      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                 14661131      8.09%     61.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 4442793      2.45%     63.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                2669      0.00%     63.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite           66042320     36.46%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  181133978                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    1629739553500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   146                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks          291                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total           291                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         3326                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           3326                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 101193.917018                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101193.917018                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 91193.917018                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91193.917018                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu.inst            482                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                482                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    287795500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    287795500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.855081                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.855081                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2844                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             2844                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    259355500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    259355500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.855081                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.855081                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2844                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         2844                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data      16579994                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          16579994                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 83144.197604                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83144.197604                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73144.197604                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73144.197604                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data               998                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   998                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data 1378447319500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  1378447319500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999940                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999940                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data        16578996                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            16578996                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 1212657359500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1212657359500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999940                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999940                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data     16578996                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       16578996                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data         7581                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          7581                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 291940.912063                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 291940.912063                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 281940.912063                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 281940.912063                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data          1463                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              1463                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1786094500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   1786094500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.807018                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.807018                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data         6118                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            6118                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1724914500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1724914500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.807018                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.807018                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6118                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         6118                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks          737                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          737                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks          737                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              737                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks     16581775                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     16581775                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks     16581775                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         16581775                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst             3326                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         16587575                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             16590901                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 101193.917018                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 83221.219583                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 83224.300996                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 91193.917018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73221.219583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73224.300996                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.inst                  482                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.data                 2461                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     2943                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    287795500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data 1380233414000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     1380521209500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst        0.855081                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data        0.999852                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.999823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.inst               2844                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.data           16585114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               16587958                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    259355500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 1214382274000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1214641629500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.855081                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999852                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.999823                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          2844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      16585114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          16587958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst            3326                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        16587575                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            16590901                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 101193.917018                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 83221.219583                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 83224.300996                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 91193.917018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73221.219583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73224.300996                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.inst                 482                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.data                2461                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    2943                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    287795500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data 1380233414000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    1380521209500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst       0.855081                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data       0.999852                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.999823                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.inst              2844                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.data          16585114                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              16587958                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    259355500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 1214382274000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1214641629500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.855081                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999852                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.999823                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2844                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data     16585114                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         16587958                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1629739553500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.replacements                       16559287                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          498                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        32208                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.999440                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 49767172                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks      63.263634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst        52.930711                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data     32481.931431                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.001931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst        0.001615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data        0.991270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.994816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         32768                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1629739553500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  16592055                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  49767172                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32598.125776                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    33174826                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks            16552320                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                  16552320                       # number of writebacks
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      49176.95                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                32459.97                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples   8280099.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2844.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples  16585109.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     13709.97                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       651.41                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    325.71                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       325.16                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    325.01                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.65                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         7.63                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    2.54                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        55842                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            55842                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.inst             55842                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.data         325649363                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             325705205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.writebacks      325005452                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.inst            55842                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.data        325649363                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            650710657                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::.writebacks      325005452                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            325005452                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      1858383                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    856.418166                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   747.220064                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   294.564921                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        71391      3.84%      3.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        56531      3.04%      6.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        78880      4.24%     11.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        73376      3.95%     15.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        96352      5.18%     20.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        60109      3.23%     23.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        73920      3.98%     27.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        73683      3.96%     31.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151      1274141     68.56%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      1858383                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM             1061628992                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               530814656                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     320                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               529924288                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys            529674240                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        91008                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         91008                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          91008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.data      530723648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          530814656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::.writebacks    529674240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       529674240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2844                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data     16585114                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     50393.64                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     32456.89                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        91008                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data    530723488                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 55842.051452057363                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 325649265.160330414772                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    143319500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data 538301197000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks     16552320                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2409152.55                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks    264962144                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 162579440.028298974037                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 39877064003147                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts               8272221                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds       517361                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState            49435127                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState            7764845                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds       517361                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.inst            2844                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.data        16585114                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            16587958                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::.writebacks     16552320                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total           16552320                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    92.53                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0           1036658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1           1036542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2           1036589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3           1036771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4           1036969                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5           1036751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6           1036372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7           1036325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8           1036165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9           1036435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10          1036746                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11          1037233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12          1037100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13          1037118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14          1037071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15          1037108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0            517356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1            517352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2            517439                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3            517598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4            517705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5            517485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6            517388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7            517265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8            517200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9            517328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10           517569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11           517747                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12           517657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13           517665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14           517665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15           517648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      0.005385530500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1629739553500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples       517361                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      32.062593                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     31.996516                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     20.180802                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-511        517353    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1535            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2559            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total        517361                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                16587952                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  16587958                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5              16587958                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    16587958                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 92.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                 15305202                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      5                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                82939765000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1629737776500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            538444516500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 227420397750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples       517361                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.004428                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.004209                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.087033                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16           515854     99.71%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17              758      0.15%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              714      0.14%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               35      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total        517361                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    750                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   1507                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                 517336                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                 517362                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                 517362                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                 517362                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                 517362                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                 517362                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                 517362                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                 517362                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                 517362                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                 517362                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                 517362                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                 517364                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                 517362                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                 517384                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                 517400                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                 517361                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                 16552320                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5             16552320                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                   16552320                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                93.05                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 7704430                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         131864774130                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               6636458640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    227087921910                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            454.607171                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5228676250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   29386760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 746963114500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  78802474752                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  271365717997                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 497992810001                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           6376524960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               3527353830                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     30260460480                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             59211855780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         69470300640.000015                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     184761439560                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           740891288490                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         1323755086253                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy            21608649360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         131794923480                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               6632431680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    227005408710                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            454.465714                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5209150750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   29357900000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 747843224250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  78275961253                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  271241329494                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 497811987753                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           6368985120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               3525209655                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     30058296480                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             59226128640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         69402075600.000015                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     184948397400                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           740660749275                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         1323929367256                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy            21613300380                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     49728963                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     49728963                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               49728963                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port   1060488896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total   1060488896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total              1060488896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1629739553500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         66245771755                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        54148733500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              3.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          16587958                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                16587958    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            16587958                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     16553047                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      33141005                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               8962                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     16552320                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              727                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          16578996                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         16578996                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          8962                       # Transaction distribution
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1629739553500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         7389                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     49758629                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              49766018                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       130016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   1061419200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total             1061549216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1629739553500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        24878814500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           3326000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       16587575000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                 529674240                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         33150188                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000197                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.014035                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               33143657     99.98%     99.98% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   6531      0.02%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           33150188                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     16584216                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         6531                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     33175117                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           6531                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoops                        16559287                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             10907                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     33134095                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          737                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            8671                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq         16579994                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        16579994                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          3326                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         7581                       # Transaction distribution
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
