
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               648017340500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 328348                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 819336                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   594748                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                   304.56                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             2127744507                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                   100000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     181133978                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.648017                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                648017340500                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.Branches                          13383360                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.committedInsts                   100000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     181133978                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data     14663850                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14663850                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 209445.759680                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 209445.759680                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 208445.759680                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 208445.759680                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data     14654346                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        14654346                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1990572500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1990572500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000648                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000648                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         9504                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          9504                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1981068500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1981068500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000648                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000648                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data     70485122                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     70485122                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 100690.094137                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100690.094137                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 99690.094137                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99690.094137                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data     66338608                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       66338608                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data 417512885000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 417512885000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.058828                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.058828                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data      4146514                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      4146514                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 413366371000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 413366371000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.058828                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.058828                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      4146514                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      4146514                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data     85148972                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     85148972                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 100938.797065                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 100938.797065                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 99938.797065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99938.797065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data     80992954                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         80992954                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data 419503457500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 419503457500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.048809                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.048809                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data      4156018                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        4156018                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 415347439500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 415347439500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.048809                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048809                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      4156018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4156018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data     85148972                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     85148972                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 100938.797065                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 100938.797065                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 99938.797065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99938.797065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data     80992954                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        80992954                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data 419503457500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 419503457500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.048809                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.048809                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data      4156018                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       4156018                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 415347439500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 415347439500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.048809                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048809                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      4156018                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4156018                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 648017340500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                4154994                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          344                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          579                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             20.488114                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        174453962                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1021.474158                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997533                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997533                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 648017340500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           4156018                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         174453962                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1021.474158                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            85148972                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            193500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks      4151518                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           4151518                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dtb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 648017340500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                    14663850                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                         12989                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 648017340500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                    70485122                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        130894                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 648017340500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 648017340500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst    139152120                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    139152120                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 80676.774638                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80676.774638                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 79676.774638                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79676.774638                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst    139150669                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       139150669                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    117062000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    117062000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000010                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1451                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1451                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    115611000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    115611000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst    139152120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    139152120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 80676.774638                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80676.774638                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 79676.774638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79676.774638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst    139150669                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        139150669                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    117062000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    117062000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000010                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1451                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1451                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    115611000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    115611000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst    139152120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    139152120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 80676.774638                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80676.774638                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 79676.774638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79676.774638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst    139150669                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       139150669                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    117062000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    117062000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000010                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1451                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1451                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    115611000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    115611000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1451                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1451                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 648017340500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.replacements                    685                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          766                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          95900.840799                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        278305691                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   388.793231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.379681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.379681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          766                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.748047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 648017340500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1451                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         278305691                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           388.793231                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           139152120                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             92500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::.writebacks          685                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total               685                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 648017340500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 648017340500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 648017340500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                   139152120                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            75                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 648017340500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 648017340500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                       1296034681                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 1296034681                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads             66390676                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes            58331008                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     12357318                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               66079645                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                      66079645                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             66107541                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               34696                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      481409                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             180945640                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    180945640                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           393189365                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           97341166                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    14663800                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      85148913                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   70485113                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 17650      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  95763297     52.87%     52.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    94292      0.05%     52.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     79926      0.04%     52.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2214      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     4490      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       12      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     5116      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   18029      0.01%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  29      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   5      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  5      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                 14661131      8.09%     61.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 4442793      2.45%     63.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                2669      0.00%     63.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite           66042320     36.46%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  181133978                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    648017340500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   146                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks          486                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total           486                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1451                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1451                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 118126.644737                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118126.644737                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 108126.644737                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108126.644737                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu.inst            539                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                539                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    107731500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    107731500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.628532                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.628532                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu.inst          912                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              912                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     98611500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     98611500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.628532                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.628532                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          912                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          912                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data       4146514                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           4146514                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 98219.181190                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98219.181190                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 88219.181190                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88219.181190                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data              1375                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  1375                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data 407132158500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  407132158500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999668                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999668                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data         4145139                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             4145139                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 365680768500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 365680768500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999668                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999668                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      4145139                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        4145139                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9504                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          9504                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 332733.085951                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 332733.085951                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 322733.085951                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 322733.085951                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data          3710                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              3710                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1927855500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   1927855500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.609638                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.609638                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data         5794                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            5794                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1869915500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1869915500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.609638                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.609638                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5794                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         5794                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks          685                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          685                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks          685                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              685                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks      4151518                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      4151518                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks      4151518                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          4151518                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst             1451                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.data          4156018                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              4157469                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 118126.644737                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 98546.522914                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 98550.823911                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 108126.644737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 88546.522914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88550.823911                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.inst                  539                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.data                 5085                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     5624                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    107731500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data 409060014000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     409167745500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst        0.628532                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data        0.998776                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.998647                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.inst                912                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.data            4150933                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                4151845                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     98611500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 367550684000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 367649295500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.628532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998776                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.998647                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst           912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       4150933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           4151845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst            1451                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         4156018                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             4157469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 118126.644737                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 98546.522914                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 98550.823911                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 108126.644737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 88546.522914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88550.823911                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.inst                 539                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.data                5085                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    5624                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    107731500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data 409060014000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    409167745500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst       0.628532                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data       0.998776                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.998647                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.inst               912                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.data           4150933                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               4151845                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     98611500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 367550684000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 367649295500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.628532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998776                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.998647                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          912                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      4150933                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          4151845                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 648017340500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.replacements                        4145854                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          394                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         7746                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.001100                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 12467193                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks      50.287912                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst        28.902103                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data      8024.484459                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.006139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst        0.003528                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data        0.979551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.989218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          8192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 648017340500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   4154046                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  12467193                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8103.674474                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     8312661                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks             4142001                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   4142001                       # number of writebacks
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      78132.09                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                44991.79                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples   8284000.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1824.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples   8301843.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     26241.79                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       820.09                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    820.10                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       2.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       818.15                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    818.15                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.84                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        12.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    6.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       180143                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           180143                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.inst            180143                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.data         819915442                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             820095585                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.writebacks      818151143                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.inst           180143                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.data        819915442                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1638246728                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::.writebacks      818151143                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            818151143                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      1227436                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    864.899697                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   785.566934                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   273.634726                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         9128      0.74%      0.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        39045      3.18%      3.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        44450      3.62%      7.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        63768      5.20%     12.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        72762      5.93%     18.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        77985      6.35%     25.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        29453      2.40%     27.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        33319      2.71%     30.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       857526     69.86%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      1227436                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              531434688                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               531436160                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    1472                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               530175040                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys            530176128                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       116736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        116736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         116736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.data      531319424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          531436160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::.writebacks    530176128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       530176128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1824                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data      8301866                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     64712.99                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     44987.34                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       116736                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data    531317952                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 180143.327507144073                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 819913170.209370255470                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    118036500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data 373478838254                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks      8284002                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   1938267.56                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks    530175040                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 818149464.319774627686                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 16056612364865                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     2                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds       517452                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState            16171099                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState            7782275                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds       517452                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.inst             912                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.data         4150933                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             4151845                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::.writebacks      4142001                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            4142001                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    92.60                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            518824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            518754                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            518820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            519046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            519518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            518895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            518792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            518780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            518600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            518862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           519016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           519296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           519122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           519142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           519070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           519130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0            517588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1            517626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2            517692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3            517784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4            517894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5            517676                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6            517596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7            517534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8            517474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9            517641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10           517764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11           517986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12           517918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13           517978                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14           517926                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15           517908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      0.003801924500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 648017340500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples       517452                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.047222                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.013544                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     10.731592                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        517444    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5888-6143            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total        517452                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 4151834                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                 4151833                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   8303690                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               8303690                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     4151845                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 92.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  7663997                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     23                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                41518335000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  648015563500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            373596874754                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 217903118504                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples       517452                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.009185                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.008640                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.137853                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16           515115     99.55%     99.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               21      0.00%     99.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18             2260      0.44%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               14      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20               40      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total        517452                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   2307                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   2326                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                 119050                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                 517428                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                 517451                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                 517452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                 517452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                 517452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                 517452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                 517455                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                 517459                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                 517458                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                 517454                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                 517452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                 517503                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                 517515                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                 517464                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                 517454                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                 398401                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  8284002                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              8284002                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    4142001                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                92.90                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 7696213                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          62138872050                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               4383138900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy     81221133120                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            503.171388                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3483479500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   12613900000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 267704165250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  57286553251                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  128872303737                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 178056938762                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           3031659840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               2329685985                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     22001441760                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             29641203060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         29819259600.000004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy      69547312860                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           326063784915                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         503047657263                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy            21618055800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          62148432090                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               4380796980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy     80782099170                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            502.394965                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3463995250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   12555140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 269488792750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  56466689501                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  128948845492                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 177093877507                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           3021939840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               2328433635                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     21686644800                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             29646979320                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         29680350960.000004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy      69927577740                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           325560649065                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         503049359758                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy            21624345900                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12446613                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     12446613                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               12446613                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port   1061612288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total   1061612288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total              1061612288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 648017340500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         41430913282                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               6.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        38468217498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           4151845                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 4151845    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             4151845                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      4142923                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       8294768                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6706                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      4142001                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              922                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           4145139                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          4145139                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          6706                       # Transaction distribution
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 648017340500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         3587                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     12467030                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              12470617                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       273408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   1063364608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total             1063638016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 648017340500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        12460980000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           3627500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       10390045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                 530176128                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          8303323                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000412                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.020294                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                8299905     99.96%     99.96% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   3417      0.04%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            8303323                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      4155679                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         3416                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      8313148                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           3417                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoops                         4145854                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             10955                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      8293519                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          685                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            7329                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          4146514                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         4146514                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1451                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         9504                       # Transaction distribution
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
