
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               2218152541500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  95572                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 863772                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   173114                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                  1046.33                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             2119937049                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                   100000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     181133978                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  2.218153                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2218152541500                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.Branches                          13383360                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.committedInsts                   100000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     181133978                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data     14665185                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14665185                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 181007.535710                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 181007.535710                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 180007.535710                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180007.535710                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data     14656294                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        14656294                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1609338000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1609338000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000606                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000606                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         8891                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          8891                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1600447000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1600447000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::.cpu.data     67050924                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total     67050924                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30999.914194                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30999.914194                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29999.914194                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29999.914194                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::.cpu.data       761600                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total       761600                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data 2054963356000                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total 2054963356000                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.988641                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.988641                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::.cpu.data     66289324                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total     66289324                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 1988674032000                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1988674032000                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.988641                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.988641                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data     66289324                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total     66289324                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      3434250                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3434250                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 101758.463615                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101758.463615                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 100758.463615                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100758.463615                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data      3407577                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        3407577                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2714203500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2714203500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007767                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007767                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        26673                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        26673                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2687530500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2687530500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007767                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007767                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        26673                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        26673                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data     85150359                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     85150359                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31048.479079                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31048.479079                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30048.479079                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30048.479079                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data     18825471                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         18825471                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data 2059286897500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 2059286897500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.778915                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.778915                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data     66324888                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       66324888                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 1992962009500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1992962009500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.778915                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.778915                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data     66324888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     66324888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data     85150359                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     85150359                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31048.479079                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31048.479079                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30048.479079                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30048.479079                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data     18825471                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        18825471                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data 2059286897500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 2059286897500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.778915                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.778915                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data     66324888                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      66324888                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 1992962009500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1992962009500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.778915                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.778915                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data     66324888                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     66324888                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2218152541500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.replacements               66308504                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          829                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        15431                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs              1.283837                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        236625606                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 16356.215229                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998304                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998304                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2218152541500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          66324888                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         236625606                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         16356.215229                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            85150359                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            258500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks     66306707                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          66306707                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dtb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2218152541500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                    14665185                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                         12989                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2218152541500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                    70485174                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        130894                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2218152541500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2218152541500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst    139152120                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    139152120                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 82308.849072                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82308.849072                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 81308.849072                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81308.849072                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst    139141181                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       139141181                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    900376500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    900376500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000079                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000079                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        10939                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         10939                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    889437500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    889437500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000079                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000079                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        10939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst    139152120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    139152120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 82308.849072                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 82308.849072                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 81308.849072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81308.849072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst    139141181                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        139141181                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    900376500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    900376500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000079                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000079                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        10939                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          10939                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    889437500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    889437500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000079                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000079                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        10939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        10939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst    139152120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    139152120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 82308.849072                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 82308.849072                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 81308.849072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81308.849072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst    139141181                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       139141181                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    900376500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    900376500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000079                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000079                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        10939                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         10939                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    889437500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    889437500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000079                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000079                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        10939                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        10939                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2218152541500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.replacements                   1535                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         9394                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          12720.734985                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        278315179                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  3316.946500                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.202450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.202450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         9404                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.573975                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2218152541500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs             10939                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         278315179                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          3316.946500                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           139152120                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             87500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::.writebacks         1535                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total              1535                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2218152541500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2218152541500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2218152541500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                   139152120                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            75                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2218152541500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2218152541500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                       4436305083                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 4436305083                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads             66390676                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes            58331008                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     12357318                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               66079645                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                      66079645                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             66107541                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               34696                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      481409                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             180945640                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    180945640                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           393189365                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           97341166                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    14663800                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      85148913                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   70485113                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 17650      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  95763297     52.87%     52.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    94292      0.05%     52.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     79926      0.04%     52.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2214      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     4490      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       12      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     5116      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   18029      0.01%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  29      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   5      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  5      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                 14661131      8.09%     61.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 4442793      2.45%     63.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                2669      0.00%     63.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite           66042320     36.46%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  181133978                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    2218152541500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   146                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks          309                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total           309                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_accesses::.cpu.data     66289324                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.InvalidateReq_accesses::total      66289324                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        18500                       # average InvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        18500                       # average InvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_hits::.cpu.data           316                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l2.InvalidateReq_hits::total               316                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999995                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.999995                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_misses::.cpu.data     66289008                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_misses::total        66289008                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 1226346648000                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1226346648000                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999995                       # mshr miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999995                       # mshr miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data     66289008                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_misses::total     66289008                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        10939                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          10939                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 86370.059041                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86370.059041                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 76370.059041                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76370.059041                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu.inst            946                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                946                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    863096000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    863096000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.913520                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.913520                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu.inst         9993                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             9993                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    763166000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    763166000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.913520                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.913520                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9993                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         9993                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data         26673                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             26673                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 102013.509857                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102013.509857                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 92013.509857                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92013.509857                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data               803                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   803                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2639089500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    2639089500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.969895                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.969895                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data           25870                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               25870                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2380389500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2380389500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.969895                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.969895                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25870                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          25870                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8891                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          8891                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 204191.843880                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 204191.843880                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 194191.843880                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 194191.843880                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data          1179                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              1179                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1574727500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   1574727500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.867394                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.867394                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data         7712                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            7712                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1497607500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1497607500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.867394                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.867394                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7712                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         7712                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks         1535                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         1535                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks         1535                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             1535                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks     66306707                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     66306707                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks     66306707                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         66306707                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst            10939                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.data            35564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                46503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 86370.059041                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 125478.440831                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 116509.764773                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 76370.059041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 115478.440831                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106509.764773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.inst                  946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.data                 1982                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     2928                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    863096000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   4213817000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       5076913000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst        0.913520                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data        0.944269                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.937036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.inst               9993                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.data              33582                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  43575                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    763166000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3877997000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4641163000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.913520                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.944269                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.937036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          9993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         33582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             43575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst           10939                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.data           35564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               46503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 86370.059041                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 125478.440831                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 116509.764773                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 76370.059041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 115478.440831                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106509.764773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.inst                 946                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.data                1982                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    2928                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    863096000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   4213817000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      5076913000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst       0.913520                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data       0.944269                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.937036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.inst              9993                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.data             33582                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 43575                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    763166000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3877997000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4641163000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.913520                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.944269                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.937036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9993                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33582                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            43575                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2218152541500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.replacements                       66197201                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          121                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1214                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4       129580                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.000424                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                198974316                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   130014.865245                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst       156.221676                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data       269.952227                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.991935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst        0.001192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data        0.002060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.995186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        130933                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998940                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2218152541500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  66328450                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                 198974316                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 130441.039148                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    66356549                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks            66188309                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                  66188309                       # number of writebacks
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      33490.68                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                65675.29                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples   8295401.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      9993.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     33581.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     46925.29                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         1.26                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.16                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       239.35                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    238.72                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.38                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.88                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    1.87                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        36041                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            36041                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.inst             36041                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.data            121117                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total                157158                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.writebacks      238715085                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.inst            36041                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.data           121117                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            238872243                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::.writebacks      238715085                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            238715085                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       778703                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    685.360431                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   514.564759                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   394.062907                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        31784      4.08%      4.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       103985     13.35%     17.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383       159093     20.43%     37.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        16603      2.13%     40.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        11154      1.43%     41.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         5826      0.75%     42.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        16233      2.08%     44.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        16324      2.10%     46.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       417701     53.64%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       778703                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                2788736                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  348600                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                      64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               530903872                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys            529506472                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        79944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         79944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          79944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.data         268656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             348600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::.writebacks    529506472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       529506472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         9993                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        33582                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     35589.81                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     74625.88                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        79944                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       268648                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 36040.803553545869                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 121113.401794418489                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    355649010                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   2506086278                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks     66188309                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks    795444.76                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     66362984                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 29918133.563133042306                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 52649143558391                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts              57892908                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds       458650                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState            64822712                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState            8163324                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds       458650                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.inst            9993                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.data           33582                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               43575                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::.writebacks     66188309                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total           66188309                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    90.66                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              2535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              2213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              2080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              3713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              3872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              3226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              3175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              2136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              1204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              2366                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             2826                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             3289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             2796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             2844                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             2483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             2816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0            517781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1            517869                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2            518039                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3            519602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4            519571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5            519188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6            517820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7            517629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8            517526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9            517668                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10           518036                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11           519451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12           519557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13           519387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14           518158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15           518091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      0.003897821750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2218152541500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples       458650                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean       0.094977                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     31.110736                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023       458649    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20480-21503            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total        458650                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   43567                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     43575                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                 43575                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       43575                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 61.23                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    26681                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  217870000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  2218150766500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              2861735288                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2044722788                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples       458650                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      18.086500                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     18.083897                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.313021                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              374      0.08%      0.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               11      0.00%      0.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18           420650     91.71%     91.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19            34876      7.60%     99.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20             2724      0.59%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                6      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::25                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::26                2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::27                2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::31                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::33                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::35                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total        458650                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                 458265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                 482231                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                 461243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                 461340                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                 461340                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                 458670                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                 458702                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                 458661                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                 461313                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                 458686                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                 458666                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                 458656                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                 461308                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                 458663                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                 458685                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                 458656                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                 458903                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                 458655                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                   2701                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                     42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                 66188309                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3             66188309                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                   66188309                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                90.82                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 7533558                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         391561979370                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               2783007780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy     10214794440                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            400.190963                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2226584500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   39323180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 1039003713250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 289708976750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  825489477195                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  22400609805                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           3203765280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               1479196125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy    111248251680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               163863000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         92959997520.000015                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     252416526900                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           887684601645                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         1351109986805                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy            21649944780                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         391518240990                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               2776967340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      9936607650                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            400.092542                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2239462250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   39304460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 1039576096250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 289828922365                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  825412026818                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  21791573817                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           3210048000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               1475981760                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy    111294372480                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               147255360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         92915743440.000015                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     252537194040                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           887466287790                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         1351194786432                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy            21651902280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    132565682                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total    132565682                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total              132565682                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    529855072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    529855072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               529855072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2218152541500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy        231723117802                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization              10.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          101786712                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          66332583                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                66332583    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            66332583                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     66189524                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     132522107                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              17705                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     66188309                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1215                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             25870                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            25870                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         17705                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq      66289008                       # Transaction distribution
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2218152541500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        23413                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    198958280                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total             198981693                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        99792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    530738168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              530837960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2218152541500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        99477054000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              4.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          10939000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       33180226000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                 529506472                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples        132533028                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000060                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.007762                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0              132525042     99.99%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   7986      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total          132533028                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     66310039                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         7986                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests    132645866                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           7986                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoops                        66197201                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             19830                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty    132495016                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         1535                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           10689                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            26673                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           26673                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         10939                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         8891                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq     66289324                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp     66289324                       # Transaction distribution
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
