
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               2970653169500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 119633                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 839480                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   216697                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                   835.89                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             3553893592                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                   100000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     181133978                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  2.970653                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2970653169500                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.Branches                          13383360                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.committedInsts                   100000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     181133978                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data     14664495                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14664495                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 226437.674714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 226437.674714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 225437.674714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 225437.674714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data     14656625                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        14656625                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1782064500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1782064500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000537                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000537                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         7870                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          7870                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1774194500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1774194500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data     70485138                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     70485138                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 83756.248094                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83756.248094                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 82756.248094                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82756.248094                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data     37326544                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       37326544                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data 2777239425500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 2777239425500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.470434                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.470434                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data     33158594                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     33158594                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 2744080831500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 2744080831500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.470434                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.470434                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data     33158594                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     33158594                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data     85149633                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     85149633                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 83790.104667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 83790.104667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 82790.104667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82790.104667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data     51983169                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         51983169                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data 2779021490000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 2779021490000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.389508                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.389508                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data     33166464                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       33166464                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 2745855026000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 2745855026000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.389508                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.389508                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data     33166464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     33166464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data     85149633                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     85149633                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 83790.104667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 83790.104667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 82790.104667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82790.104667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data     51983169                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        51983169                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data 2779021490000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 2779021490000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.389508                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.389508                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data     33166464                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      33166464                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 2745855026000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 2745855026000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.389508                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.389508                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data     33166464                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     33166464                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2970653169500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.replacements               33158272                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          520                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         7576                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs              2.567341                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        203465730                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  8184.408286                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.999073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         8192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2970653169500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          33166464                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         203465730                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          8184.408286                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            85149633                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            258500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks     33156740                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          33156740                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dtb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2970653169500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                    14664495                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                         12989                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2970653169500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                    70485138                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        130894                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2970653169500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2970653169500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst    139152120                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    139152120                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 85392.632830                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85392.632830                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 84392.632830                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84392.632830                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst    139146229                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       139146229                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    503048000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    503048000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         5891                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          5891                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    497157000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    497157000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst    139152120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    139152120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 85392.632830                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85392.632830                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 84392.632830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84392.632830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst    139146229                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        139146229                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    503048000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    503048000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         5891                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           5891                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    497157000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    497157000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst    139152120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    139152120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 85392.632830                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85392.632830                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 84392.632830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84392.632830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst    139146229                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       139146229                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    503048000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    503048000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         5891                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          5891                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    497157000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    497157000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5891                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5891                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2970653169500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.replacements                   1011                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4875                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          23621.137328                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        278310131                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1764.831595                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.215434                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.215434                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4880                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.595703                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2970653169500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              5891                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         278310131                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1764.831595                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           139152120                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             87500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::.writebacks         1011                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total              1011                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2970653169500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2970653169500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2970653169500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                   139152120                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            75                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2970653169500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2970653169500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                       5941306339                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 5941306339                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads             66390676                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes            58331008                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     12357318                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               66079645                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                      66079645                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             66107541                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               34696                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      481409                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             180945640                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    180945640                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           393189365                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           97341166                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    14663800                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      85148913                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   70485113                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 17650      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  95763297     52.87%     52.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    94292      0.05%     52.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     79926      0.04%     52.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2214      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     4490      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       12      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     5116      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   18029      0.01%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  29      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   5      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  5      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                 14661131      8.09%     61.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 4442793      2.45%     63.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                2669      0.00%     63.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite           66042320     36.46%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  181133978                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    2970653169500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   146                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks          285                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total           285                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         5891                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           5891                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 91886.450382                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91886.450382                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 81886.450382                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81886.450382                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu.inst            651                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                651                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    481485000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    481485000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.889492                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.889492                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu.inst         5240                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             5240                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    429085000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    429085000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.889492                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.889492                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5240                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         5240                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data      33158594                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          33158594                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 81258.268930                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81258.268930                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71258.268930                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71258.268930                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data               947                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   947                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data 2694332997000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  2694332997000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999971                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999971                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data        33157647                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            33157647                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 2362756527000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 2362756527000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999971                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999971                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data     33157647                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       33157647                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data         7870                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          7870                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 261022.371365                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 261022.371365                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 251022.371365                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 251022.371365                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data          1165                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              1165                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1750155000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   1750155000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.851970                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.851970                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data         6705                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            6705                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1683105000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1683105000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.851970                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.851970                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6705                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         6705                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks         1011                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         1011                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks         1011                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             1011                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks     33156740                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     33156740                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks     33156740                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         33156740                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst             5891                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         33166464                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             33172355                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 91886.450382                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 81294.612722                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 81296.285978                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 81886.450382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71294.612722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71296.285978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.inst                  651                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.data                 2112                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     2763                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    481485000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data 2696083152000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     2696564637000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst        0.889492                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data        0.999936                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.999917                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.inst               5240                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.data           33164352                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               33169592                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    429085000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 2364439632000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 2364868717000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.889492                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999936                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.999917                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          5240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      33164352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          33169592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst            5891                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        33166464                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            33172355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 91886.450382                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 81294.612722                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 81296.285978                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 81886.450382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71294.612722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71296.285978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.inst                 651                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.data                2112                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    2763                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    481485000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data 2696083152000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    2696564637000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst       0.889492                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data       0.999936                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.999917                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.inst              5240                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.data          33164352                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              33169592                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    429085000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 2364439632000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 2364868717000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.889492                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999936                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.999917                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5240                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data     33164352                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         33169592                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2970653169500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.replacements                       33110550                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          586                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        64880                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.999372                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 99507724                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks      64.452529                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst        58.939926                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data     65192.997753                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.000983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst        0.000899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data        0.994766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.996649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         65536                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2970653169500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  33176086                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  99507724                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 65316.390208                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    66331353                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks            33099091                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                  33099091                       # number of writebacks
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      44827.38                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                30530.58                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples   8281275.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      5240.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples  33164347.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     11780.58                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       714.61                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    178.65                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       178.41                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    178.27                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.60                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.98                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    1.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        28223                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            28223                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.inst             28223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.data         178623892                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             178652115                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.writebacks      178272395                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.inst            28223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.data        178623892                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            356924510                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::.writebacks      178272395                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            178272395                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      3046114                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    870.897412                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   769.828477                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   285.023637                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        88194      2.90%      2.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       119075      3.91%      6.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383       125054      4.11%     10.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        93900      3.08%     13.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639       109192      3.58%     17.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767       145775      4.79%     22.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        71827      2.36%     24.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023       130670      4.29%     29.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151      2162427     70.99%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      3046114                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM             2122853568                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               530713472                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     320                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               529999552                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys            529585456                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        83840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         83840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          83840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.data      530629632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          530713472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::.writebacks    529585456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       529585456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         5240                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data     33164352                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     41096.33                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     30528.91                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        83840                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data    530629552                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 28222.749414436483                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 178623865.434049308300                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    215344750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data 1012471410003                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks     33099091                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2195415.43                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks    132499888                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 44602947.715468741953                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 72666254946197                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts              24817816                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds       517537                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState            99312238                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState            7782870                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds       517537                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.inst            5240                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.data        33164352                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            33169592                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::.writebacks     33099091                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total           33099091                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    92.65                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0           2072968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1           2072767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2           2072803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3           2073087                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4           2073381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5           2073140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6           2072366                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7           2072192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8           2071996                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9           2072482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10          2073046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11          2074016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12          2073840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13          2073846                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14          2073805                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15          2073852                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0            517388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1            517384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2            517488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3            517808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4            517902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5            517606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6            517527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7            517317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8            517218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9            517362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10           517643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11           517804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12           517711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13           517708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14           517700                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15           517677                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      0.004611640500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2970653169500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples       517537                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      64.091199                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     63.940427                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     40.430171                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023       517529    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-5119            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-8191            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-10239            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::14336-15359            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20480-21503            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total        517537                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                33169583                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  33169592                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4              33169592                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    33169592                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 92.60                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                 30715875                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      5                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat               165847935000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  2970651392500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            1012686754753                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 390756998503                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples       517537                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.001258                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.001179                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.052458                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16           517231     99.94%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                3      0.00%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              261      0.05%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               42      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total        517537                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    304                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    306                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                 517513                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                 517538                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                 517538                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                 517538                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                 517538                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                 517538                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                 517538                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                 517538                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                 517538                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                 517538                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                 517538                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                 517539                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                 517538                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                 517539                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                 517603                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                 517538                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                 33099091                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4             33099091                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                   33099091                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                92.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 7688836                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         233165739000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy              10877090280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    413431640760                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            448.251369                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9845007000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   52370500000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 1397772490250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 124582788999                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  479435116493                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 906647266758                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy          10998675360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               5781303000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     47839451520                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy            118400506560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         123803862000.000015                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     344929675020                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1331599350630                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         2428999233007                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy            21612992400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         233182677690                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy              10872199380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    413204274600                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            448.225266                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9832140500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   52363740000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 1397989115250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 124836582000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  479483428491                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 906148163259                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy          10995980640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               5778699630                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     47936925600                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy            118430344620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         123787881360.000015                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     344960204100                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1331521806810                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         2428972054509                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy            21615096060                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     99439138                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     99439138                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               99439138                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port   1060298928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total   1060298928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total              1060298928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2970653169500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         99368845685                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               3.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        75152669247                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          33169592                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                33169592    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            33169592                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     33099954                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      66269546                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              11945                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     33099091                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              863                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          33157647                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         33157647                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         11945                       # Transaction distribution
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2970653169500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        12793                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     99491200                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              99503993                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       110432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   1061171264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total             1061281696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2970653169500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        49744694500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           5891000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       33166464000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                 529585456                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         66282905                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000164                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.012811                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               66272024     99.98%     99.98% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  10881      0.02%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           66282905                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     33159283                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        10881                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     66331638                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          10881                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoops                        33110550                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             13761                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     66255831                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         1011                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           12991                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq         33158594                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        33158594                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          5891                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         7870                       # Transaction distribution
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
