
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               394195341500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 466228                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 808008                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   586487                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                   214.49                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1837847996                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                   100000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     125794192                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.394195                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                394195341500                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.Branches                           5058750                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.committedInsts                   100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     125794192                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data     47308635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     47308635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74964.564079                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74964.564079                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73964.564079                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73964.564079                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data     46153677                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        46153677                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  86580923000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  86580923000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024413                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.024413                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data      1154958                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       1154958                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  85425965000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  85425965000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024413                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024413                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1154958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1154958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 95028.234207                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95028.234207                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6227770357                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6227770357                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data     17644618                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17644618                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 87275.714604                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87275.714604                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 86275.714604                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86275.714604                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data     16401307                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       16401307                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data 108510856000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 108510856000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.070464                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.070464                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data      1243311                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1243311                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 107267545000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 107267545000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.070464                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.070464                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1243311                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1243311                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    72.802300                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             20779                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1512759                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data     64953253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     64953253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 81346.912711                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 81346.912711                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 80346.912711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80346.912711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data     62554984                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         62554984                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data 195091779000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 195091779000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036923                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.036923                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data      2398269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        2398269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 192693510000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 192693510000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036923                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036923                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      2398269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2398269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data     65018789                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     65018789                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79183.124882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79183.124882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 80737.428635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80737.428635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data     62554984                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        62554984                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data 195091779000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 195091779000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.037894                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037894                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data      2463805                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       2463805                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 198921280357                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 198921280357                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.037894                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037894                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      2463805                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2463805                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 394195341500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                2461757                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           59                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          302                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1307                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          379                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             26.389584                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        132501383                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1943.543168                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.948996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.948996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 394195341500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           2463805                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         132501383                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1943.543168                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            65018789                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            195500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks      1450484                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           1450484                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dtb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 394195341500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                    47374171                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                        154481                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 394195341500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                    17644618                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        392711                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 394195341500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 394195341500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst    135711381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    135711381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 89202.087287                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89202.087287                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 88202.087287                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88202.087287                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst    135710854                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       135710854                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47009500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     47009500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          527                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           527                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46482500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46482500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst    135711381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    135711381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 89202.087287                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 89202.087287                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 88202.087287                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88202.087287                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst    135710854                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        135710854                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47009500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     47009500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          527                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            527                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46482500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     46482500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst    135711381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    135711381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 89202.087287                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 89202.087287                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 88202.087287                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88202.087287                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst    135710854                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       135710854                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47009500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     47009500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          527                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           527                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46482500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     46482500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          527                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          527                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 394195341500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.replacements                      6                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          521                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          257516.851992                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        271423289                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   427.293087                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.208639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.208639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          521                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.254395                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 394195341500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         271423289                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           427.293087                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           135711381                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             87500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::.writebacks            6                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total                 6                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 394195341500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 394195341500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 394195341500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                   135711381                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            47                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 394195341500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 394195341500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                        788390683                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  788390683                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads             26576152                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes            36968375                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      3953451                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    835                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           835                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 1311                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 577                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       69322                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             124833182                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    124833182                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           314540083                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          102332169                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    47374160                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      65018778                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   17644618                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                960292      0.76%      0.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  59683576     47.45%     48.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   130946      0.10%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        70      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      21      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      142      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      126      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     241      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                 47374078     37.66%     85.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                17644454     14.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                  82      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                164      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  125794192                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    394195341500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    89                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks        61610                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total         61610                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          527                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            527                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 86845.057034                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86845.057034                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 76845.057034                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76845.057034                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu.inst              1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                  1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45680500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     45680500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.998102                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.998102                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu.inst          526                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              526                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40420500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40420500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.998102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          526                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          526                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data       1243311                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           1243311                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 88589.786781                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88589.786781                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78589.786781                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78589.786781                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data             60726                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 60726                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data 104764953000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  104764953000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.951158                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.951158                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data         1182585                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             1182585                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  92939103000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  92939103000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.951158                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.951158                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1182585                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        1182585                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1220494                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       1220494                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 82509.715701                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82509.715701                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72509.715701                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72509.715701                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data        151091                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            151091                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  88236137500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  88236137500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.876205                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.876205                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data      1069403                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1069403                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  77542107500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  77542107500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.876205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.876205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1069403                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      1069403                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks            6                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            6                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks            6                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                6                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks      1450484                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1450484                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks      1450484                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          1450484                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst              527                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.data          2463805                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              2464332                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 86845.057034                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 85702.539490                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85702.806287                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 76845.057034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75702.539490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75702.806287                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.inst                    1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.data               211817                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   211818                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45680500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data 193001090500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     193046771000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst        0.998102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data        0.914029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.914046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.inst                526                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.data            2251988                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                2252514                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40420500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 170481210500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 170521631000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.998102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.914029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.914046                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst           526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       2251988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           2252514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst             527                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         2463805                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             2464332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 86845.057034                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 85702.539490                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85702.806287                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 76845.057034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75702.539490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75702.806287                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.inst                   1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.data              211817                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  211818                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45680500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data 193001090500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    193046771000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst       0.998102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data       0.914029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.914046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.inst               526                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.data           2251988                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               2252514                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40420500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 170481210500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 170521631000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.998102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.914029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.914046                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          526                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      2251988                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          2252514                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 394195341500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.replacements                        2306227                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          193                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1463                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1481                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.101816                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  7240513                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     315.558220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst        19.689685                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data      7426.398619                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.038520                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst        0.002404                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data        0.906543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.947467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          8192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 394195341500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   2314419                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   7240513                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  7761.646524                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     4864484                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks             1232665                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   1232665                       # number of writebacks
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     113106.15                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                34925.72                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples   1232612.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       526.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples   2250642.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     16175.72                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       365.49                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    365.71                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       200.12                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    200.13                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.07                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         4.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     2.86                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    1.56                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        85399                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            85399                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.inst             85399                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.data         365623884                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             365709284                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.writebacks      200130625                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.inst            85399                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.data        365623884                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            565839909                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::.writebacks      200130625                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            200130625                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       477585                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    466.849101                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   265.367395                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   401.687406                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       166756     34.92%     34.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        37425      7.84%     42.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        34126      7.15%     49.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        19936      4.17%     54.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        56230     11.77%     65.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        11950      2.50%     68.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         9445      1.98%     70.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         9559      2.00%     72.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       132158     27.67%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       477585                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              144074752                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               144160896                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   86144                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                78885696                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             78890560                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        33664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         33664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          33664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.data      144127232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          144160896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::.writebacks     78890560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        78890560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          526                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data      2251988                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     36022.34                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     34904.59                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        33664                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data    144041088                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 85399.284202347684                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 365405353.223840653896                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     18947750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  78604720584                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks      1232665                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   7706786.38                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     78885696                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 200118285.771269053221                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 9499885836961                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                    53                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds        76355                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState             5730432                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState            1159003                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds        76355                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.inst             526                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.data         2251988                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             2252514                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::.writebacks      1232665                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1232665                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    86.29                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            140419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            140847                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            141644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            140916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            140165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            140595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            141784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            141413                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            139959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            139733                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           140380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           140591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           139760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           140618                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           141297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           141047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             76808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             77290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             78208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             77478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             76431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             76462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             77772                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             77652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             76203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             76122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            76752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            76993                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            76131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            76960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            77751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            77576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      0.120606247498                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 394195341500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        76355                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      29.482811                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     46.441045                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-511         76269     99.89%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023           75      0.10%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1535            8      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2559            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         76355                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 2214982                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   30017                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3375                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                    2794                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   2252514                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               2252514                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     2252514                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 86.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  1939493                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                   1346                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                11255840000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  394195190500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             78623668334                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  36414268334                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        76355                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.142872                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.134564                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.538781                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            71125     93.15%     93.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17              176      0.23%     93.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18             4474      5.86%     99.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              561      0.73%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20               11      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                2      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23                2      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24                4      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         76355                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   5036                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   5219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  75195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  75850                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  76272                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  76384                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  76412                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  76598                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  76832                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  76557                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  76401                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  76385                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  76376                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  76417                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  76760                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  76864                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  76438                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  76548                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1232665                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              1232665                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1232665                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                86.54                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 1066674                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          26721036270                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               1726352040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy     90016235970                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            496.841678                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1072037749                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   10100740000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF  91030965500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  44516793537                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   50067989053                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 197406815661                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           1008365760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                917574075                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     17094608160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              8052370620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         23878149360.000004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy      23203185180                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           195852674955                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         332953916448                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             3226487220                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          26909155080                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               1683640560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy     89263578330                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            494.636427                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1054961249                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   10007400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF  93844448500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  42948860788                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   50585955806                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 195753715157                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           1003503840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                894861000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     16493107200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              8020968900                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         23657493600.000004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy      23839526400                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           194983375170                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         332546923445                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             3207627360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      6748504                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      6748504                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                6748504                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    223051456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    223051456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               223051456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 394195341500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          9464672561                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        11897206919                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           2252514                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 2252514    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             2252514                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2243476                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       4495990                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            1069929                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1232665                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          1010811                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           1182585                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          1182585                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       1069929                       # Transaction distribution
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 394195341500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1060                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      7389367                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               7390427                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        34112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    250514496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              250548608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 394195341500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         3913537500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            790500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        3695707500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  78890560                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          4770559                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.026069                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.159339                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                4646197     97.39%     97.39% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                 124362      2.61%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            4770559                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2461763                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       124361                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      4926095                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         124361                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoops                         2306227                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1221021                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2683149                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            6                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         2084835                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1243311                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1243311                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           527                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1220494                       # Transaction distribution
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
