
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               387352738500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 462209                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 810076                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   581431                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                   216.35                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1790377119                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                   100000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     125794192                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.387353                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                387352738500                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.Branches                           5058750                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.committedInsts                   100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     125794192                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data     47308635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     47308635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76735.173920                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76735.173920                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75735.173920                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75735.173920                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data     46153677                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        46153677                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  88625903000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  88625903000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024413                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.024413                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data      1154958                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       1154958                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  87470945000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  87470945000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024413                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024413                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1154958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1154958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 92002.500977                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92002.500977                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6029475904                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6029475904                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data     17644618                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17644618                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 80159.321360                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80159.321360                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79159.321360                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79159.321360                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data     16401307                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       16401307                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  99662966000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  99662966000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.070464                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.070464                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data      1243311                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1243311                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  98419655000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  98419655000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.070464                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.070464                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1243311                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1243311                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    67.126978                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             21358                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1433698                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data     64953253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     64953253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78510.320986                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78510.320986                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77510.320986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77510.320986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data     62554984                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         62554984                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data 188288869000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 188288869000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036923                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.036923                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data      2398269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        2398269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 185890600000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 185890600000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036923                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036923                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      2398269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2398269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data     65018789                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     65018789                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76421.985100                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76421.985100                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77895.805839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77895.805839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data     62554984                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        62554984                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data 188288869000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 188288869000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.037894                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037894                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data      2463805                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       2463805                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 191920075904                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 191920075904                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.037894                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037894                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      2463805                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2463805                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 387352738500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                2461757                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           59                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          327                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1336                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          325                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             26.389584                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        132501383                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1941.692664                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.948092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.948092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 387352738500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           2463805                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         132501383                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1941.692664                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            65018789                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            195500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks      1453291                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           1453291                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dtb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 387352738500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                    47374171                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                        154481                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 387352738500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                    17644618                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        392711                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 387352738500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 387352738500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst    135711381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    135711381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 89813.092979                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89813.092979                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 88813.092979                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88813.092979                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst    135710854                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       135710854                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47331500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     47331500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          527                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           527                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46804500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46804500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst    135711381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    135711381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 89813.092979                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 89813.092979                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 88813.092979                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88813.092979                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst    135710854                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        135710854                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47331500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     47331500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          527                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            527                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46804500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     46804500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst    135711381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    135711381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 89813.092979                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 89813.092979                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 88813.092979                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88813.092979                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst    135710854                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       135710854                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47331500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     47331500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          527                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           527                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46804500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     46804500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          527                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          527                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 387352738500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.replacements                      6                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          521                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          257516.851992                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        271423289                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   426.408398                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.208207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.208207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          521                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.254395                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 387352738500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         271423289                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           426.408398                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           135711381                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             87500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::.writebacks            6                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total                 6                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 387352738500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 387352738500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 387352738500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                   135711381                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            47                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 387352738500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 387352738500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                        774705477                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  774705477                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads             26576152                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes            36968375                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      3953451                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    835                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           835                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 1311                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 577                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       69322                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             124833182                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    124833182                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           314540083                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          102332169                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    47374160                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      65018778                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   17644618                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                960292      0.76%      0.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  59683576     47.45%     48.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   130946      0.10%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        70      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      21      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      142      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      126      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     241      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                 47374078     37.66%     85.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                17644454     14.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                  82      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                164      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  125794192                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    387352738500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    89                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks           18                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            18                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          527                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            527                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 87457.224335                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87457.224335                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 77457.224335                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77457.224335                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu.inst              1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                  1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46002500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     46002500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.998102                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.998102                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu.inst          526                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              526                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40742500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40742500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.998102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          526                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          526                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data       1243311                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           1243311                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 82914.115910                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82914.115910                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72914.115910                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72914.115910                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data             90222                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 90222                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  95607355000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   95607355000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.927434                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.927434                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data         1153089                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             1153089                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  84076465000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  84076465000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.927434                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.927434                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1153089                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        1153089                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1220494                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       1220494                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 85928.697148                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85928.697148                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75928.697148                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75928.697148                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data        175080                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            175080                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  89831063000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  89831063000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.856550                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.856550                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data      1045414                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1045414                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  79376923000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  79376923000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.856550                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.856550                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1045414                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      1045414                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks            6                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            6                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks            6                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                6                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks      1453291                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1453291                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks      1453291                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          1453291                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst              527                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.data          2463805                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              2464332                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 87457.224335                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 84347.584697                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84348.328512                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 77457.224335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74347.584697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74348.328512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.inst                    1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.data               265302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   265303                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46002500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data 185438418000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     185484420500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst        0.998102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data        0.892320                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.892343                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.inst                526                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.data            2198503                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                2199029                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40742500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 163453388000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 163494130500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.998102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.892320                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.892343                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst           526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       2198503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           2199029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst             527                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         2463805                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             2464332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 87457.224335                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 84347.584697                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84348.328512                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 77457.224335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74347.584697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74348.328512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.inst                   1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.data              265302                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  265303                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46002500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data 185438418000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    185484420500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst       0.998102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data       0.892320                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.892343                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.inst               526                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.data           2198503                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               2199029                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40742500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 163453388000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 163494130500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.998102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.892320                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.892343                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          526                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      2198503                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          2199029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 387352738500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.replacements                        2182759                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          921                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         8841                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         6524                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.239998                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 41607895                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks       5.785870                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst        38.570155                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data     15432.978001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.000353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst        0.002354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data        0.941954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.944662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 387352738500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   2199143                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  41607895                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 15477.334025                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     4926076                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks             1175750                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   1175750                       # number of writebacks
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     114778.62                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                33554.23                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples   1175750.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       526.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples   2198429.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     14804.23                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       363.32                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    363.33                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       194.26                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    194.26                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.64                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         4.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     2.84                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    1.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        86908                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            86908                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.inst             86908                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.data         363245636                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             363332544                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.writebacks      194262213                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.inst            86908                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.data        363245636                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            557594757                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::.writebacks      194262213                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            194262213                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       397135                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    543.844244                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   348.177122                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   394.498044                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        90737     22.85%     22.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        37634      9.48%     32.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        35763      9.01%     41.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        15454      3.89%     45.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        56158     14.14%     59.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         6513      1.64%     61.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        16139      4.06%     65.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         7865      1.98%     67.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       130872     32.95%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       397135                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              140733120                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               140737856                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    4736                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                75246720                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             75248000                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        33664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         33664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          33664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.data      140704192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          140737856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::.writebacks     75248000                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        75248000                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          526                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data      2198503                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     36639.26                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     33552.36                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        33664                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data    140699456                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 86907.866278064277                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 363233409.798134148121                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     19272250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  73764962751                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks      1175750                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   7865562.67                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     75246720                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 194258908.021118849516                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 9247935305510                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds        73107                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState             5569197                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState            1105550                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds        73107                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.inst             526                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.data         2198503                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             2199029                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::.writebacks      1175750                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1175750                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    88.23                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            137548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            137406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            137507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            137319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            137244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            137661                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            137644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            137639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            137397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            137293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           137382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           137445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           137292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           137488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           137407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           137283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             73642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             73568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             73846                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             73681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             73339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             73359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             73364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             73488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             73301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             73409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            73416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            73492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            73342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            73549                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            73524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            73410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      0.049316488750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 387352738500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        73107                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      30.078501                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     28.024516                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     39.677524                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-127         72930     99.76%     99.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           48      0.07%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           63      0.09%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            4      0.01%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           16      0.02%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            7      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            4      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            4      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            2      0.00%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            6      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            2      0.00%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            4      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            5      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            3      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2559            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2815            3      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         73107                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 2163398                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   30443                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2748                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                    2366                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   2199029                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               2199029                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     2199029                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 87.87                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  1932179                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     74                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                10994775000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  387352483500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             73784235001                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  32553828751                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        73107                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.082318                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.077619                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.404483                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            70127     95.92%     95.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               37      0.05%     95.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18             2883      3.94%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               49      0.07%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                2      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                5      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24                2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::25                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         73107                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   2935                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   2974                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  72137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  72727                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  72999                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  73155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  73134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  73270                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  73324                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  73309                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  73136                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  73138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  73116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  73126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  73369                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  73290                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  73234                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  73307                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1175750                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              1175750                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1175750                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                88.91                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 1045367                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          25299980100                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               1428564060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy     84590058270                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            487.248995                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1045109750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF    9578400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF  99873242250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  43932499500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   47417254749                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 185506232251                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy            976615680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                759296010                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     16870121280                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              7853771520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         22643337600.000004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy      25237109520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           188737232550                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         329311395001                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             3070858140                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          25345883340                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               1407008400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy     85165603800                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            488.394819                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1073259500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF    9621040000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF  98556305250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  43854054001                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   47479725499                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 186768354250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy            964439040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                747831315                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     16840221120                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              7846767180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         22744138560.000004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy      25016404020                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           189181070655                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         329178429501                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             3066452460                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      6580181                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      6580181                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                6580181                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    215985856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    215985856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               215985856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 387352738500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          9115695945                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        11599345499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           2199029                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 2199029    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             2199029                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2182123                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       4381152                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            1045940                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1175750                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          1006373                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           1153089                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          1153089                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       1045940                       # Transaction distribution
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 387352738500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1060                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      7389367                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               7390427                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        34112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    250694144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              250728256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 387352738500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         3916344500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            790500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        3695707500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  75248000                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          4647091                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000141                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.011871                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                4646436     99.99%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    655      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            4647091                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2461763                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          654                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      4926095                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            654                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoops                         2182759                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1221021                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2629041                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            6                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         2015475                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1243311                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1243311                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           527                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1220494                       # Transaction distribution
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
