
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               391277514500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 461003                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 810436                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   579913                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                   216.92                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1803796152                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                   100000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     125794192                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.391278                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                391277514500                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.Branches                           5058750                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.committedInsts                   100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     125794192                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data     47308635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     47308635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73837.287590                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73837.287590                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72837.287590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72837.287590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data     46153677                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        46153677                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  85278966000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  85278966000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024413                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.024413                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data      1154958                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       1154958                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  84124008000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  84124008000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024413                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024413                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1154958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1154958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 92955.992065                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92955.992065                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6091963896                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6091963896                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data     17644618                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17644618                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 86002.696027                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86002.696027                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 85002.696027                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85002.696027                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data     16401307                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       16401307                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data 106928098000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 106928098000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.070464                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.070464                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data      1243311                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1243311                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 105684787000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 105684787000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.070464                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.070464                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1243311                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1243311                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    68.413461                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             21083                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1442361                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data     64953253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     64953253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 80144.080585                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80144.080585                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79144.080585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79144.080585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data     62554984                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         62554984                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data 192207064000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 192207064000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036923                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.036923                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data      2398269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        2398269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 189808795000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 189808795000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036923                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036923                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      2398269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2398269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data     65018789                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     65018789                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78012.287498                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78012.287498                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79511.470630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79511.470630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data     62554984                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        62554984                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data 192207064000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 192207064000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.037894                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037894                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data      2463805                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       2463805                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 195900758896                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 195900758896                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.037894                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037894                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      2463805                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2463805                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 391277514500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                2461757                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           59                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          320                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1312                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          356                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             26.389584                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        132501383                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1942.745988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.948606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.948606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 391277514500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           2463805                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         132501383                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1942.745988                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            65018789                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            195500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks      1451869                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           1451869                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dtb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 391277514500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                    47374171                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                        154481                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 391277514500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                    17644618                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        392711                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 391277514500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 391277514500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst    135711381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    135711381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 83741.086587                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83741.086587                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 82741.086587                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82741.086587                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst    135710792                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       135710792                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49323500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     49323500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          589                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           589                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48734500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48734500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst    135711381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    135711381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 83741.086587                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 83741.086587                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 82741.086587                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82741.086587                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst    135710792                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        135710792                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49323500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     49323500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          589                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            589                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48734500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     48734500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst    135711381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    135711381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 83741.086587                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 83741.086587                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 82741.086587                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82741.086587                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst    135710792                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       135710792                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49323500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     49323500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          589                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           589                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48734500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     48734500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          589                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          589                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 391277514500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.replacements                    185                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          404                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          230409.814941                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        271423351                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   343.729633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.671347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.671347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          404                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.789062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 391277514500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               589                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         271423351                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           343.729633                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           135711381                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             87500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::.writebacks          185                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total               185                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 391277514500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 391277514500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 391277514500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                   135711381                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            47                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 391277514500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 391277514500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                        782555029                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  782555029                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads             26576152                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes            36968375                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      3953451                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    835                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           835                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 1311                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 577                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       69322                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             124833182                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    124833182                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           314540083                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          102332169                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    47374160                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      65018778                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   17644618                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                960292      0.76%      0.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  59683576     47.45%     48.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   130946      0.10%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        70      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      21      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      142      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      126      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     241      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                 47374078     37.66%     85.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                17644454     14.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                  82      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                164      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  125794192                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    391277514500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    89                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks        58017                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total         58017                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          589                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            589                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 85437.050360                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85437.050360                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 75437.050360                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75437.050360                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu.inst             33                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                 33                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47503000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     47503000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.943973                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.943973                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu.inst          556                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              556                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     41943000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41943000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.943973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.943973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          556                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          556                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data       1243311                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           1243311                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 88383.174876                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88383.174876                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78383.174876                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78383.174876                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data             77911                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 77911                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data 103001752000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  103001752000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.937336                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.937336                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data         1165400                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             1165400                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  91347752000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  91347752000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.937336                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.937336                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1165400                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        1165400                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1220494                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       1220494                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 81968.611657                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81968.611657                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71968.611657                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71968.611657                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data        163111                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            163111                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  86672216500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  86672216500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.866357                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.866357                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data      1057383                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1057383                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  76098386500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  76098386500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.866357                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.866357                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1057383                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      1057383                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks          185                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          185                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks          185                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              185                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks      1451869                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1451869                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks      1451869                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          1451869                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst              589                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.data          2463805                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              2464394                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 85437.050360                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 85331.752357                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85331.778690                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 75437.050360                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75331.752357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75331.778690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.inst                   33                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.data               241022                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   241055                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47503000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data 189673968500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     189721471500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst        0.943973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data        0.902175                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.902185                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.inst                556                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.data            2222783                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                2223339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     41943000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 167446138500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 167488081500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.943973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.902175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.902185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst           556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       2222783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           2223339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst             589                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         2463805                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             2464394                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 85437.050360                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 85331.752357                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85331.778690                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 75437.050360                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75331.752357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75331.778690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.inst                  33                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.data              241022                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  241055                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47503000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data 189673968500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    189721471500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst       0.943973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data       0.902175                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.902185                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.inst               556                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.data           2222783                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               2223339                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     41943000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 167446138500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 167488081500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.943973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.902175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.902185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          556                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      2222783                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          2223339                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 391277514500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.replacements                        2235393                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1169                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         7163                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         7896                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.161989                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  7178112                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     276.577477                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst        21.096413                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data     15185.273601                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.016881                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst        0.001288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data        0.926836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.945004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 391277514500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   2251777                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   7178112                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 15482.947491                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     4868318                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks             1198788                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   1198788                       # number of writebacks
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     114337.47                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                34548.81                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples   1198760.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       556.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples   2221940.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     15798.81                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       363.53                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    363.66                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       196.07                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    196.08                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.13                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         4.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     2.84                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    1.53                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        90943                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            90943                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.inst             90943                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.data         363573440                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             363664383                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.writebacks      196081883                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.inst            90943                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.data        363573440                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            559746267                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::.writebacks      196081883                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            196081883                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       433465                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    505.135723                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   304.283917                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   399.557369                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       123086     28.40%     28.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        38856      8.96%     37.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        35163      8.11%     45.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        18573      4.28%     49.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        55736     12.86%     62.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         9501      2.19%     64.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         9862      2.28%     67.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        12958      2.99%     70.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       129730     29.93%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       433465                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              142239744                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               142293696                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   53952                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                76719680                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             76722432                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        35584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         35584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          35584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.data      142258112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          142293696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::.writebacks     76722432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        76722432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          556                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data      2222783                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     34604.77                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     34535.70                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        35584                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data    142204160                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 90943.125227810655                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 363435553.360938191414                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     19240250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  76765356864                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks      1198788                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   7613795.08                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     76719680                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 196074850.092107713223                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 9127326172448                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                    28                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds        74371                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState             5641504                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState            1127513                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds        74371                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.inst             556                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.data         2222783                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             2223339                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::.writebacks      1198788                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1198788                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    87.33                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            138821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            138891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            139091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            139000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            138590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            138944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            139303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            139174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            138723                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            138692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           138817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           138880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           138443                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           138953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           138864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           139310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             74847                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             75054                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             75411                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             75429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             74629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             74587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             75056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             75095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             74553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             74667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            74749                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            74894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            74482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            74898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            74912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            75482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      0.135206852750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 391277514500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        74371                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      29.883893                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     27.813075                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     56.963862                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-511         74334     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023           33      0.04%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1535            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-4095            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         74371                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 2186578                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   30457                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3119                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                    2342                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   2223339                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               2223339                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     2223339                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 87.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  1935288                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    843                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                11112480000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  391277355500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             76784597114                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  35112797114                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        74371                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.118447                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.111622                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.487819                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            70095     94.25%     94.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               88      0.12%     94.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18             3883      5.22%     99.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              290      0.39%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                4      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                2      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                7      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::25                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         74371                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   4177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   4283                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  73431                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  73847                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  74264                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  74430                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  74414                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  74598                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  74783                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  74650                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  74401                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  74392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  74392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  74396                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  74632                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  74662                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  74461                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  74500                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1198788                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              1198788                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1198788                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                87.80                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 1052477                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          26773272210                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               1552357380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy     87616569030                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            494.747606                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1091948001                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF    9984780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF  91562404750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  46232200264                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   50264459383                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 192141722102                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy            998154720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                825070950                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     17753369280                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              7938351960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         23604019920.000004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy      23377231980                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           193583613660                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         329936327116                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             3132563760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          26783338980                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               1542661260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy     87728110620                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            494.232057                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1067148249                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF    9962420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF  92252845500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  45291345048                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   50314423861                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 192389331842                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy            991064640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                819928725                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     17392188480                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              7930269480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         23551160880.000004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy      23504740080                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           193381890945                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         329933421140                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             3124885140                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      6653085                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      6653085                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                6653085                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    219016128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    219016128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               219016128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 391277514500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          9259895521                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        11735766138                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           2223339                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 2223339    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             2223339                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2206407                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       4429746                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            1057939                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1198788                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          1007619                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           1165400                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          1165400                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       1057939                       # Transaction distribution
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 391277514500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1363                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      7389367                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               7390730                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        49536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    250603136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              250652672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 391277514500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         3915222000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            883500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        3695707500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  76722432                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          4699787                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.018512                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.134795                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                4612783     98.15%     98.15% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  87004      1.85%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            4699787                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2461942                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        87003                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      4926336                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          87003                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoops                         2235393                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1221083                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2650657                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          185                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         2046493                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1243311                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1243311                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           589                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1220494                       # Transaction distribution
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
