
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               391452411500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 452544                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 810528                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   569274                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                   220.97                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1771492630                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                   100000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     125794192                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.391452                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                391452411500                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.Branches                           5058750                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.committedInsts                   100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     125794192                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data     47308635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     47308635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73994.096755                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73994.096755                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72994.096755                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72994.096755                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data     46153677                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        46153677                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  85460074000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  85460074000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024413                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.024413                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data      1154958                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       1154958                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  84305116000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  84305116000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024413                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024413                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1154958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1154958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 92843.504547                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92843.504547                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6084591914                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6084591914                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total        65536                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data     17644618                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17644618                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 86000.460866                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86000.460866                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 85000.460866                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85000.460866                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data     16401307                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       16401307                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data 106925319000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 106925319000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.070464                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.070464                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data      1243311                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1243311                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 105682008000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 105682008000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.070464                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.070464                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1243311                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1243311                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    70.145190                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             20518                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1439239                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data     64953253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     64953253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 80218.437965                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80218.437965                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79218.437965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79218.437965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data     62554984                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         62554984                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data 192385393000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 192385393000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036923                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.036923                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data      2398269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        2398269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 189987124000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 189987124000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036923                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036923                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      2398269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2398269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data     65018789                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     65018789                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78084.667009                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78084.667009                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79580.858028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79580.858028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data     62554984                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        62554984                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data 192385393000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 192385393000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.037894                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037894                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data      2463805                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       2463805                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 196071715914                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 196071715914                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.037894                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037894                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      2463805                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2463805                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 391452411500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                2461757                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           59                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          320                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1312                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          356                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             26.389584                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        132501383                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1942.793777                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.948630                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.948630                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 391452411500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           2463805                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         132501383                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1942.793777                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            65018789                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            195500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks      1451869                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           1451869                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dtb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 391452411500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                    47374171                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                        154481                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 391452411500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                    17644618                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        392711                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 391452411500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 391452411500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst    135711381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    135711381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 86436.920223                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86436.920223                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 85436.920223                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85436.920223                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst    135710842                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       135710842                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46589500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     46589500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          539                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           539                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46050500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46050500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst    135711381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    135711381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 86436.920223                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86436.920223                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 85436.920223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85436.920223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst    135710842                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        135710842                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46589500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     46589500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          539                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            539                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46050500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     46050500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst    135711381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    135711381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 86436.920223                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86436.920223                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 85436.920223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85436.920223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst    135710842                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       135710842                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46589500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     46589500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          539                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           539                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46050500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     46050500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          539                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          539                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 391452411500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.replacements                     49                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          490                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          251783.638219                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        271423301                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   409.104652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.399516                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.399516                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          490                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.478516                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 391452411500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         271423301                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           409.104652                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           135711381                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             87500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::.writebacks           49                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total                49                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 391452411500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 391452411500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 391452411500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                   135711381                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            47                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 391452411500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 391452411500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                        782904823                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  782904823                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads             26576152                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes            36968375                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      3953451                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    835                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           835                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 1311                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 577                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       69322                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             124833182                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    124833182                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           314540083                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          102332169                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    47374160                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      65018778                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   17644618                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                960292      0.76%      0.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  59683576     47.45%     48.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   130946      0.10%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        70      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      21      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      142      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      126      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     241      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     48.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                 47374078     37.66%     85.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                17644454     14.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                  82      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                164      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  125794192                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    391452411500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    89                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks        58013                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total         58013                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          539                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            539                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 85182.075472                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85182.075472                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 75182.075472                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75182.075472                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu.inst              9                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                  9                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45146500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     45146500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.983302                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.983302                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu.inst          530                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              530                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39846500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39846500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.983302                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.983302                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          530                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          530                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data       1243311                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           1243311                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 88380.790716                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88380.790716                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78380.790716                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78380.790716                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data             77911                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 77911                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data 102998973500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  102998973500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.937336                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.937336                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data         1165400                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             1165400                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  91344973500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  91344973500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.937336                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.937336                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1165400                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        1165400                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1220494                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       1220494                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 82132.999711                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82132.999711                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72132.999711                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72132.999711                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data        163112                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            163112                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  86845955500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  86845955500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.866356                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.866356                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data      1057382                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1057382                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  76272135500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  76272135500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.866356                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.866356                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1057382                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      1057382                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks           49                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total           49                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks           49                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total               49                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks      1451869                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1451869                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks      1451869                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          1451869                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst              539                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.data          2463805                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              2464344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 85182.075472                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 85408.703598                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85408.649573                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 75182.075472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75408.703598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75408.649573                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.inst                    9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.data               241023                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   241032                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45146500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data 189844929000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     189890075500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst        0.983302                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data        0.902174                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.902192                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.inst                530                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.data            2222782                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                2223312                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39846500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 167617109000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 167656955500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.983302                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.902174                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.902192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst           530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       2222782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           2223312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst             539                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         2463805                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             2464344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 85182.075472                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 85408.703598                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85408.649573                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 75182.075472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75408.703598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75408.649573                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.inst                   9                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.data              241023                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  241032                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45146500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data 189844929000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    189890075500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst       0.983302                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data       0.902174                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.902192                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.inst               530                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.data           2222782                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               2223312                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39846500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 167617109000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 167656955500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.983302                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.902174                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.902192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          530                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      2222782                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          2223312                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 391452411500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.replacements                        2235306                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1169                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         7163                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         7896                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.161992                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  7177839                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     273.057516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst        20.260042                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data     15190.042146                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.016666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst        0.001237                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data        0.927127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.945029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 391452411500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   2251690                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   7177839                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 15483.359704                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     4868136                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks             1198788                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   1198788                       # number of writebacks
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     114389.48                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                34627.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples   1198760.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       530.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples   2221937.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     15877.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       363.36                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    363.50                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       195.99                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    195.99                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.22                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         4.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     2.84                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    1.53                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        86652                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            86652                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.inst             86652                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.data         363410836                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             363497487                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.writebacks      195994276                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.inst            86652                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.data        363410836                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            559491763                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::.writebacks      195994276                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            195994276                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       433289                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    505.336623                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   307.839805                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   395.480353                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       121436     28.03%     28.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        36443      8.41%     36.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        35832      8.27%     44.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        19306      4.46%     49.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        61869     14.28%     63.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         8789      2.03%     65.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        13600      3.14%     68.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         6418      1.48%     70.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       129596     29.91%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       433289                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              142237888                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               142291968                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   54080                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                76719680                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             76722432                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        33920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         33920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          33920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.data      142258048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          142291968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::.writebacks     76722432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        76722432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          530                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data      2222782                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     34357.55                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     34613.90                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        33920                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data    142203968                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 86651.656762114493                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 363272683.530268669128                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     18209501                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  76939145118                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks      1198788                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   7610577.41                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     76719680                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 195987245.821322530508                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 9123468874754                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                    28                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds        74371                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState             5641335                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState            1127738                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds        74371                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.inst             530                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.data         2222782                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             2223312                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::.writebacks      1198788                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1198788                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    87.33                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            138821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            138885                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            139092                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            139002                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            138590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            138941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            139301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            139174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            138723                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            138692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           138818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           138882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           138443                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           138938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           138864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           139301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             74847                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             75054                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             75411                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             75429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             74629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             74587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             75056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             75095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             74553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             74667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            74749                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            74894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            74482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            74898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            74912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            75482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      0.135206722750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 391452411500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        74371                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      29.883503                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     27.815079                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     56.394243                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-511         74332     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023           35      0.05%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1535            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3583            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         74371                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 2186604                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   30539                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3060                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                    2264                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   2223312                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               2223312                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     2223312                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 87.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  1935465                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    845                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                11112335000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  391452252500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             76957354619                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  35286098369                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        74371                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.118447                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.111622                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.487874                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            70093     94.25%     94.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               90      0.12%     94.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18             3884      5.22%     99.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              291      0.39%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                4      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                4      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23                3      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::25                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         74371                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   4174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   4283                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  73404                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  73779                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  74227                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  74419                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  74416                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  74631                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  74831                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  74730                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  74398                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  74403                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  74386                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  74380                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  74648                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  74636                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  74459                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  74495                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1198788                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              1198788                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1198788                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                87.79                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 1052447                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          26999115330                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               1552043220                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy     87752529420                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            495.230861                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1087855251                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   10010000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF  90976239500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  46197115515                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   50743047132                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 192438154102                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           1003757760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                824903970                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     17740011840                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              7938294840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         23663640000.000004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy      23245228020                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           193859314800                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         329611509117                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             3132563760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          27039223380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               1541718780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy     87833863290                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            495.047446                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1082805499                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   10002200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF  91214918250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  45687819546                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   50845692360                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 192618975845                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           1005386880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                819427785                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     17543614080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              7930119540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         23645200800.000004                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy      23295862500                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           193787516355                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         329521612391                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             3124885140                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      6652918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      6652918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                6652918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    219014400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    219014400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               219014400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 391452411500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          9259906054                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        11733342886                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           2223312                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 2223312    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             2223312                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2206294                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       4429606                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            1057912                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1198788                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          1007506                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           1165400                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          1165400                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       1057912                       # Transaction distribution
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 391452411500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1127                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      7389367                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               7390494                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        37632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    250603136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              250640768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 391452411500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         3914993000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            808500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        3695707500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  76722432                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          4699650                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.018518                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.134813                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                4612624     98.15%     98.15% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  87026      1.85%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            4699650                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2461806                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        87025                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      4926150                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          87025                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoops                         2235306                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1221033                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2650657                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean           49                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         2046406                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1243311                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1243311                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           539                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1220494                       # Transaction distribution
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
