
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               958150288500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 262768                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 821796                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   475962                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                   380.56                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             2517710299                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                   100000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     181133978                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.958150                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                958150288500                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.Branches                          13383360                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.committedInsts                   100000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     181133978                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data     14664116                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14664116                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 149654.038332                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 149654.038332                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 148654.038332                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 148654.038332                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data     14650707                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        14650707                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2006711000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2006711000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000914                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000914                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        13409                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         13409                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1993302000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1993302000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000914                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000914                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data     70485123                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     70485123                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 89210.066830                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89210.066830                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 88210.066830                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88210.066830                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data     62190446                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       62190446                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data 739968689500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 739968689500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.117680                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.117680                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data      8294677                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      8294677                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 731674012500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 731674012500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.117680                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117680                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      8294677                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      8294677                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data     85149239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     85149239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 89307.621575                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 89307.621575                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 88307.621575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88307.621575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data     76841153                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         76841153                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data 741975400500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 741975400500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.097571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.097571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data      8308086                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        8308086                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 733667314500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 733667314500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.097571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      8308086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      8308086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data     85149239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     85149239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 89307.621575                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 89307.621575                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 88307.621575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88307.621575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data     76841153                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        76841153                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data 741975400500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 741975400500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.097571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.097571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data      8308086                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       8308086                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 733667314500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 733667314500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.097571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      8308086                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      8308086                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 958150288500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                8307062                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          115                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          346                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          540                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             10.248960                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        178606564                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1023.481023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.999493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 958150288500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           8308086                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         178606564                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1023.481023                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            85149239                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            181500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks      8300920                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           8300920                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dtb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 958150288500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                    14664116                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                         12989                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 958150288500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                    70485123                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        130894                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 958150288500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 958150288500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst    139152120                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    139152120                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 84092.736409                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84092.736409                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 83092.736409                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83092.736409                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst    139149931                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       139149931                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    184079000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    184079000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000016                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2189                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          2189                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    181890000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    181890000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst    139152120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    139152120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 84092.736409                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84092.736409                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 83092.736409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83092.736409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst    139149931                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        139149931                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    184079000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    184079000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000016                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2189                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           2189                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    181890000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    181890000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst    139152120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    139152120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 84092.736409                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84092.736409                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 83092.736409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83092.736409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst    139149931                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       139149931                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    184079000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    184079000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000016                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2189                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          2189                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    181890000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    181890000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2189                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2189                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 958150288500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.replacements                    789                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1399                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          63568.807675                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        278306429                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   618.932126                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.302213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.302213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1400                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.683594                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 958150288500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              2189                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         278306429                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           618.932126                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           139152120                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             87500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::.writebacks          789                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total               789                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 958150288500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 958150288500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 958150288500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                   139152120                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            75                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 958150288500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 958150288500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                       1916300577                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 1916300577                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads             66390676                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes            58331008                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     12357318                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               66079645                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                      66079645                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             66107541                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               34696                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      481409                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             180945640                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    180945640                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           393189365                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           97341166                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    14663800                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      85148913                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   70485113                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 17650      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  95763297     52.87%     52.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    94292      0.05%     52.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     79926      0.04%     52.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2214      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     4490      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       12      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     5116      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   18029      0.01%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  29      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   5      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  5      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                 14661131      8.09%     61.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 4442793      2.45%     63.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                2669      0.00%     63.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite           66042320     36.46%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  181133978                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    958150288500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   146                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks          372                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total           372                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         2189                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           2189                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 108612.862547                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108612.862547                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 98612.862547                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98612.862547                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu.inst            603                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                603                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    172260000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    172260000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.724532                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.724532                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1586                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             1586                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    156400000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    156400000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.724532                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.724532                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1586                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1586                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data       8294677                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           8294677                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 86753.954600                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86753.954600                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76753.954600                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76753.954600                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data              4774                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  4774                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data 719181868500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  719181868500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999424                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999424                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data         8289903                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             8289903                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 636282838500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 636282838500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999424                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999424                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      8289903                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        8289903                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data        13409                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         13409                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 313324.491820                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 313324.491820                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 303324.491820                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 303324.491820                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data          7358                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              7358                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1895926500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   1895926500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.451264                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.451264                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data         6051                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            6051                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1835416500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1835416500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.451264                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.451264                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6051                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         6051                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks          789                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          789                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks          789                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              789                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks      8300920                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      8300920                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks      8300920                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          8300920                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst             2189                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.data          8308086                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              8310275                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 108612.862547                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 86919.213270                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86923.359815                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 98612.862547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76919.213270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76923.359815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.inst                  603                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.data                12132                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    12735                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    172260000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data 721077795000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     721250055000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst        0.724532                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data        0.998540                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.998468                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.inst               1586                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.data            8295954                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                8297540                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    156400000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 638118255000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 638274655000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.724532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.998468                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          1586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       8295954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           8297540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst            2189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         8308086                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             8310275                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 108612.862547                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 86919.213270                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86923.359815                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 98612.862547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76919.213270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76923.359815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.inst                 603                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.data               12132                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   12735                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    172260000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data 721077795000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    721250055000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst       0.724532                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data       0.998540                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.998468                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.inst              1586                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.data           8295954                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               8297540                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    156400000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 638118255000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 638274655000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.724532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.998468                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1586                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      8295954                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          8297540                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 958150288500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.replacements                        8282416                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          396                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        15936                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.002428                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 24916925                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks      21.061994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst        43.155506                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data     16189.560378                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.001286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst        0.002634                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data        0.988132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.992052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 958150288500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   8298800                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  24916925                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 16253.777878                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    16617753                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks             8279283                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   8279283                       # number of writebacks
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      57800.49                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                36165.07                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples   8279282.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1586.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples   8295931.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     17415.07                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       554.24                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    554.24                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       553.02                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    553.02                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.69                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         8.65                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     4.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    4.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       105937                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           105937                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.inst            105937                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.data         554131291                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             554237228                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.writebacks      553017745                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.inst           105937                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.data        554131291                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1107254973                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::.writebacks      553017745                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            553017745                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      1282670                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    827.113243                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   721.782259                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   304.086499                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        35243      2.75%      2.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        51821      4.04%      6.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        68732      5.36%     12.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        79598      6.21%     18.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        94901      7.40%     25.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        47827      3.73%     29.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        38792      3.02%     32.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        39655      3.09%     35.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       826101     64.40%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      1282670                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              531041088                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               531042560                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    1472                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               529872512                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys            529874112                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       101504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        101504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         101504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.data      530941056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          531042560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::.writebacks    529874112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       529874112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1586                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data      8295954                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     57774.75                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     36160.84                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       101504                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data    530939584                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 105937.451794651322                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 554129754.353249430656                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     91630750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data 299988647000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks      8279283                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2827225.18                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks    529872512                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 553016075.202068924904                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 23407397409530                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds       517187                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState            24490360                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState            7771263                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds       517187                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.inst            1586                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.data         8295954                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             8297540                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::.writebacks      8279283                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            8279283                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    92.26                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            518493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            518436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            518488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            518665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            518877                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            518585                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            518402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            518393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            518268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            518445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           518608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           518862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           518747                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           518773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           518718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           518757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0            517334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1            517346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2            517406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3            517468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4            517582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5            517403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6            517291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7            517242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8            517196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9            517309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10           517457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11           517684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12           517624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13           517662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14           517637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15           517617                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      0.005140389502                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 958150288500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples       517187                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.043536                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.011988                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     10.471673                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        517181    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total        517187                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 8297516                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   8297540                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               8297540                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     8297540                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  7604921                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     23                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                41487585000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  958148511500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            300080277750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 144501834000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples       517187                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.008248                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.007772                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.128567                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16           515061     99.59%     99.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                5      0.00%     99.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18             2102      0.41%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               19      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total        517187                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   2122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   2127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                 517172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                 517188                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                 517188                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                 517188                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                 517188                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                 517188                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                 517189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                 517187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                 517187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                 517187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                 517187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                 517188                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                 517188                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                 517219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                 517187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                 517187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  8279283                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              8279283                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    8279283                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                92.87                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 7689180                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          82757469510                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               4580088660                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    132223691730                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            465.667146                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2832793250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   18017480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 416841843500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  60873813001                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  169546495241                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 290037863508                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           3414660000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               2434371060                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     23374359360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             29619140460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         42593322720.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     103533019800                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           446179110450                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         767750207259                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy            21605955840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          82784794740                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               4578203700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    131762540070                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            465.102791                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2792676750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   17957940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 418664728750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  60045356501                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  169662911244                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 289026675255                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           3397527840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               2433361590                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     23056194720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             29625130920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         42452570160.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     103892491920                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           445638373770                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         767734954506                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy            21611770920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     24875274                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     24875274                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               24875274                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port   1060916672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total   1060916672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total              1060916672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 958150288500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         49694973834                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               5.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        43631913500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           8297540                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 8297540    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             8297540                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      8280194                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      16577734                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               7637                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      8279283                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              911                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           8289903                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          8289903                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          7637                       # Transaction distribution
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 958150288500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         5167                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     24923234                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              24928401                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       190592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   1062976384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total             1063166976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 958150288500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        16610772000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           3283500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       12462129000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                 529874112                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         16592691                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000156                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.012505                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               16590096     99.98%     99.98% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   2595      0.02%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           16592691                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      8307851                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         2594                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     16618126                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           2594                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoops                         8282416                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             15598                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     16580203                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          789                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            9275                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          8294677                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         8294677                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          2189                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        13409                       # Transaction distribution
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
