
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               957776790500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 260805                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 822112                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   472406                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                   383.43                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             2497928082                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                   100000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     181133978                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.957777                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                957776790500                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.Branches                          13383360                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.committedInsts                   100000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     181133978                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data     14664116                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14664116                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 237604.574333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 237604.574333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 236604.574333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 236604.574333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data     14656246                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        14656246                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1869948000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1869948000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000537                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000537                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         7870                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          7870                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1862078000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1862078000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data     70485123                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     70485123                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 89222.607875                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89222.607875                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 88222.607875                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88222.607875                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data     62194273                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       62194273                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data 739731258500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 739731258500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.117626                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.117626                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data      8290850                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      8290850                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 731440408500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 731440408500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.117626                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117626                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      8290850                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      8290850                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data     85149239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     85149239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 89363.324284                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 89363.324284                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 88363.324284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88363.324284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data     76850519                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         76850519                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data 741601206500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 741601206500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.097461                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.097461                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data      8298720                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        8298720                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 733302486500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 733302486500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.097461                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097461                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      8298720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      8298720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data     85149239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     85149239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 89363.324284                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 89363.324284                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 88363.324284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88363.324284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data     76850519                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        76850519                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data 741601206500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 741601206500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.097461                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.097461                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data      8298720                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       8298720                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 733302486500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 733302486500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.097461                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097461                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      8298720                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      8298720                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 957776790500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                8296672                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           85                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          392                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1559                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             10.260527                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        178597198                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2043.607981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997855                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997855                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 957776790500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           8298720                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         178597198                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          2043.607981                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            85149239                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            181500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks      8294555                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           8294555                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dtb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 957776790500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                    14664116                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                         12989                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 957776790500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                    70485123                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        130894                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 957776790500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 957776790500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst    139152120                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    139152120                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 111752.557545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111752.557545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 110752.557545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110752.557545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst    139150556                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       139150556                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    174781000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    174781000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000011                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1564                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1564                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    173217000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    173217000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst    139152120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    139152120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 111752.557545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 111752.557545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 110752.557545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110752.557545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst    139150556                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        139150556                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    174781000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    174781000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1564                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1564                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    173217000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    173217000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000011                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1564                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1564                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst    139152120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    139152120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 111752.557545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 111752.557545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 110752.557545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110752.557545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst    139150556                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       139150556                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    174781000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    174781000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1564                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1564                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    173217000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    173217000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000011                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1564                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1564                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 957776790500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.replacements                     25                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1538                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          88971.943734                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       1113218524                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   640.089707                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.312544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.312544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1539                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.751465                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 957776790500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1564                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        1113218524                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           640.089707                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           139152120                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             87500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::.writebacks           25                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total                25                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 957776790500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 957776790500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 957776790500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                   139152120                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            75                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 957776790500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 957776790500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                       1915553581                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 1915553581                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads             66390676                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes            58331008                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     12357318                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               66079645                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                      66079645                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             66107541                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               34696                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      481409                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             180945640                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    180945640                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           393189365                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           97341166                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    14663800                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      85148913                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   70485113                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 17650      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  95763297     52.87%     52.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    94292      0.05%     52.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     79926      0.04%     52.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2214      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     4490      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       12      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     5116      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   18029      0.01%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  29      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   5      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  5      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                 14661131      8.09%     61.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 4442793      2.45%     63.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                2669      0.00%     63.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite           66042320     36.46%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  181133978                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    957776790500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   146                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks          323                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total           323                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1564                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1564                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 109310.940499                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109310.940499                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 99310.940499                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99310.940499                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu.inst              1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                  1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    170853000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    170853000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.999361                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.999361                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1563                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             1563                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    155223000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    155223000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.999361                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999361                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1563                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1563                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data       8290850                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           8290850                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 86732.225575                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86732.225575                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76732.225575                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76732.225575                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data              1046                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  1046                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data 718993150500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  718993150500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999874                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999874                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data         8289804                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             8289804                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 636095110500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 636095110500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999874                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999874                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      8289804                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        8289804                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data         7870                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          7870                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 315791.364421                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 315791.364421                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 305791.364421                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 305791.364421                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data          2080                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              2080                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1828432000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   1828432000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.735705                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.735705                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data         5790                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            5790                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1770532000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1770532000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.735705                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.735705                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5790                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         5790                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks           25                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total           25                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks           25                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total               25                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks      8294555                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      8294555                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks      8294555                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          8294555                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst             1564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.data          8298720                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              8300284                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 109310.940499                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 86892.099891                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86896.323102                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 99310.940499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76892.099891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76896.323102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.inst                    1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.data                 3126                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     3127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    170853000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data 720821582500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     720992435500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst        0.999361                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data        0.999623                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.999623                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.inst               1563                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.data            8295594                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                8297157                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    155223000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 637865642500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 638020865500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.999361                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999623                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.999623                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          1563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       8295594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           8297157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst            1564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         8298720                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             8300284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 109310.940499                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 86892.099891                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86896.323102                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 99310.940499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76892.099891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76896.323102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.inst                   1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.data                3126                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    3127                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    170853000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data 720821582500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    720992435500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst       0.999361                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data       0.999623                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.999623                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.inst              1563                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.data           8295594                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               8297157                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    155223000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 637865642500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 638020865500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.999361                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999623                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.999623                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1563                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      8295594                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          8297157                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 957776790500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.replacements                        8283369                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          421                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        15910                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.999657                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 24896733                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks      52.946526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst        43.016920                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data     16157.767340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.003232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst        0.002626                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data        0.986192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.992049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 957776790500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   8299753                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  24896733                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 16253.730787                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    16596657                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks             8278805                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   8278805                       # number of writebacks
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      57780.96                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                36137.72                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples   8278805.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1563.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples   8295583.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     17387.72                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       554.43                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    554.43                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       553.20                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    553.20                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.71                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         8.65                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     4.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    4.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       104442                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           104442                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.inst            104442                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.data         554323326                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             554427768                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.writebacks      553201461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.inst           104442                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.data        554323326                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1107629229                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::.writebacks      553201461                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            553201461                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      1271256                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    834.496605                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   715.396345                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   310.798296                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        45332      3.57%      3.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        69759      5.49%      9.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        57714      4.54%     13.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        52864      4.16%     17.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        67717      5.33%     23.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        37422      2.94%     26.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        47799      3.76%     29.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        65481      5.15%     34.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       827168     65.07%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      1271256                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              531017344                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               531018048                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     704                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               529841728                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys            529843520                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       100032                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        100032                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         100032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.data      530918016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          531018048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::.writebacks    529843520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       529843520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1563                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data      8295594                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     58480.81                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     36133.47                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       100032                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data    530917312                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 104441.870999796374                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 554322590.885543107986                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     91405500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data 299748573252                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks      8278805                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2829682.52                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks    529841728                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 553199590.191990613937                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 23426389821227                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds       517155                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState            24484913                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState            7775687                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds       517155                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.inst            1563                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.data         8295594                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             8297157                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::.writebacks      8278805                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            8278805                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    92.33                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            518491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            518435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            518468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            518612                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            518762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            518545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            518383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            518371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            518261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            518437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           518601                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           518837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           518736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           518755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           518712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           518740                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0            517322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1            517329                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2            517372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3            517419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4            517508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5            517360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6            517255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7            517191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8            517171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9            517290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10           517440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11           517661                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12           517605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13           517642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14           517615                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15           517597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      0.005016243750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 957776790500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples       517155                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.043801                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.011330                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     10.503541                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        517148    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total        517155                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 8297145                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   8297157                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               8297157                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     8297157                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.73                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  7610601                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     11                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                41485730000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  957775013500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            299839978752                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 144268491252                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples       517155                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.008309                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.007828                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.129100                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16           515016     99.59%     99.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                2      0.00%     99.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18             2116      0.41%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               21      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total        517155                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   2137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   2140                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                 517141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                 517156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                 517156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                 517156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                 517156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                 517156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                 517156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                 517156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                 517156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                 517156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                 517156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                 517155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                 517155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                 517190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                 517156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                 517156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  8278805                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              8278805                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    8278805                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                92.94                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 7694062                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          81788555580                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               4538298240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    131739611820                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            464.004253                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4231706750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   17846920000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 421676037500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  57080191502                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  167951244996                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 288990689752                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           4129160640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               2412158925                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     21917223360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             29617198380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         42190118880.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     104472350220                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           444412504485                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         767743606004                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy            21604306320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          81832728300                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               4538498160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    131491016010                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            463.732126                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4204370750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   17817280000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 422585288000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  56684408250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  168062084245                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 288423359255                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           4103219040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               2412257595                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     21765533280                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             29624424060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         42120049920.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     104648990880                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           444151867215                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         767691249505                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy            21610909620                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     24873754                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     24873754                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               24873754                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port   1060861568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total   1060861568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total              1060861568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 957776790500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         49691909334                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               5.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        43631912498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           8297157                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 8297157    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             8297157                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      8279440                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      16576597                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               7353                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      8278805                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              635                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           8289804                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          8289804                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          7353                       # Transaction distribution
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 957776790500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         3153                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     24894112                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              24897265                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       101696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   1061969600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total             1062071296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 957776790500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        16593070500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           2346000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       12448080000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                 529843520                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         16583653                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000257                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.016018                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               16579400     99.97%     99.97% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   4252      0.03%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           16583653                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      8296697                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         4251                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     16596981                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           4252                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoops                         8283369                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              9434                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     16573360                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean           25                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            6681                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          8290850                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         8290850                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1564                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         7870                       # Transaction distribution
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
