
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               957257047500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 267555                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 821492                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   484631                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                   373.76                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             2561179548                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                   100000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     181133978                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.957257                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                957257047500                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.Branches                          13383360                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.committedInsts                   100000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     181133978                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data     14664116                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14664116                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 228706.988564                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 228706.988564                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 227706.988564                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 227706.988564                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data     14656246                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        14656246                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1799924000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1799924000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000537                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000537                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         7870                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          7870                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1792054000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1792054000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data     70485123                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     70485123                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 89166.811485                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89166.811485                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 88166.811485                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88166.811485                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data     62194273                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       62194273                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data 739268659000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 739268659000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.117626                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.117626                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data      8290850                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      8290850                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 730977809000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 730977809000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.117626                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117626                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      8290850                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      8290850                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data     85149239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     85149239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 89299.142880                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 89299.142880                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 88299.142880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88299.142880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data     76850519                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         76850519                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data 741068583000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 741068583000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.097461                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.097461                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data      8298720                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        8298720                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 732769863000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 732769863000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.097461                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097461                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      8298720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      8298720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data     85149239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     85149239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 89299.142880                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 89299.142880                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 88299.142880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88299.142880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data     76850519                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        76850519                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data 741068583000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 741068583000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.097461                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.097461                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data      8298720                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       8298720                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 732769863000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 732769863000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.097461                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097461                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      8298720                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      8298720                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 957257047500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                8296672                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           85                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          393                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1558                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             10.260527                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        178597198                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2043.605596                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 957257047500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           8298720                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         178597198                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          2043.605596                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            85149239                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            181500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks      8294644                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           8294644                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dtb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 957257047500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                    14664116                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                         12989                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 957257047500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                    70485123                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        130894                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 957257047500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 957257047500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst    139152120                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    139152120                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 86014.846962                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86014.846962                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 85014.846962                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85014.846962                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst    139149931                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       139149931                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    188286500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    188286500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000016                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2189                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          2189                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    186097500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    186097500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst    139152120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    139152120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 86014.846962                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86014.846962                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 85014.846962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85014.846962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst    139149931                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        139149931                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    188286500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    188286500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000016                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2189                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           2189                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    186097500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    186097500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst    139152120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    139152120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 86014.846962                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86014.846962                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 85014.846962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85014.846962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst    139149931                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       139149931                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    188286500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    188286500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000016                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2189                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          2189                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    186097500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    186097500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2189                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2189                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 957257047500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.replacements                    789                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1399                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          63568.807675                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        278306429                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   618.674766                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.302087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.302087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1400                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.683594                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 957257047500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              2189                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         278306429                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           618.674766                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           139152120                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             87500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::.writebacks          789                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total               789                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 957257047500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 957257047500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 957257047500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                   139152120                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            75                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 957257047500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 957257047500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                       1914514095                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 1914514095                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads             66390676                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes            58331008                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     12357318                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               66079645                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                      66079645                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             66107541                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               34696                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      481409                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             180945640                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    180945640                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           393189365                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           97341166                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    14663800                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      85148913                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   70485113                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 17650      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  95763297     52.87%     52.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    94292      0.05%     52.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     79926      0.04%     52.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2214      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     4490      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       12      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     5116      0.00%     52.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   18029      0.01%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  29      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   5      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  5      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     52.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                 14661131      8.09%     61.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 4442793      2.45%     63.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                2669      0.00%     63.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite           66042320     36.46%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  181133978                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    957257047500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   146                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks            3                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             3                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         2189                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           2189                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 112293.630573                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112293.630573                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 102293.630573                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102293.630573                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu.inst            619                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                619                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    176301000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    176301000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.717222                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.717222                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1570                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             1570                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    160601000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    160601000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.717222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.717222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1570                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1570                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data       8290850                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           8290850                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 86677.322694                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86677.322694                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76677.322694                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76677.322694                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data              1144                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  1144                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data 718529522000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  718529522000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999862                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999862                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data         8289706                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             8289706                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 635632462000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 635632462000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999862                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999862                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      8289706                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        8289706                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data         7870                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          7870                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 318317.135086                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 318317.135086                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 308317.135086                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 308317.135086                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data          2355                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              2355                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1755519000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   1755519000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.700762                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.700762                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data         5515                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            5515                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1700369000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1700369000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.700762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.700762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5515                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         5515                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks          789                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          789                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks          789                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              789                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks      8294644                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      8294644                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks      8294644                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          8294644                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst             2189                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.data          8298720                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              8300909                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 112293.630573                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 86831.326254                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86836.144480                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 102293.630573                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76831.326254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76836.144480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.inst                  619                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.data                 3499                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     4118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    176301000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data 720285041000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     720461342000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst        0.717222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data        0.999578                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.999504                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.inst               1570                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.data            8295221                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                8296791                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    160601000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 637332831000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 637493432000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.717222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999578                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.999504                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          1570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       8295221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           8296791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst            2189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         8298720                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             8300909                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 112293.630573                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 86831.326254                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86836.144480                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 102293.630573                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76831.326254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76836.144480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.inst                 619                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.data                3499                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    4118                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    176301000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data 720285041000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    720461342000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst       0.717222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data       0.999578                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.999504                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.inst              1570                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.data           8295221                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               8296791                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    160601000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 637332831000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 637493432000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.717222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999578                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.999504                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      8295221                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          8296791                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 957257047500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.replacements                        8280603                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          376                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        15965                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.000529                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 74690463                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks       9.642686                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst        52.114590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data     16195.632936                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.000589                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst        0.003181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data        0.988503                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.992272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 957257047500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   8296987                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  74690463                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 16257.390212                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    16598366                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks             8279324                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   8279324                       # number of writebacks
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      57749.07                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                36078.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples   8279324.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1570.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples   8295221.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     17328.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       554.70                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    554.70                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       553.53                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    553.54                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.65                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         8.66                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     4.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    4.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       104967                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           104967                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.inst            104967                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.data         554599358                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             554704325                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.writebacks      553536521                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.inst           104967                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.data        554599358                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1108240846                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::.writebacks      553536521                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            553536521                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      1276120                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    831.324001                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   705.056974                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   316.689488                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        49839      3.91%      3.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        81488      6.39%     10.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        50382      3.95%     14.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        50045      3.92%     18.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        63774      5.00%     23.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        33571      2.63%     25.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        48730      3.82%     29.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        68633      5.38%     34.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       829658     65.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      1276120                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              530994624                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               530994624                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               529874816                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys            529876736                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       100480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        100480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         100480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.data      530894144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          530994624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::.writebacks    529876736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       529876736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1570                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data      8295221                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     61458.76                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     36073.20                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       100480                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data    530894144                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 104966.581611925925                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 554599358.016217708588                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     96490250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data 299235171002                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks      8279324                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2821968.14                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks    529874816                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 553534515.503266692162                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 23363988517239                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds       517192                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState            24487764                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState            7772234                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds       517192                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.inst            1570                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.data         8295221                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             8296791                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::.writebacks      8279324                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            8279324                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    92.30                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            518482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            518428                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            518432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            518569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            518689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            518514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            518368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            518346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            518251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            518422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           518588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           518810                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           518725                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           518729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           518706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           518732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0            517349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1            517347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2            517381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3            517445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4            517553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5            517377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6            517294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7            517235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8            517195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9            517318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10           517494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11           517746                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12           517656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13           517637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14           517642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15           517625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      0.006605616750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 957257047500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples       517192                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.041963                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.010599                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     16.903313                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-511        517188    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1535            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11776-12287            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total        517192                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 8296790                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   8296791                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               8296791                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     8296791                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.74                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  7611740                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                41483955000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  957255270500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            299331661252                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 143766830002                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples       517192                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.008163                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.007694                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.127545                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16           515080     99.59%     99.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                5      0.00%     99.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18             2104      0.41%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                3      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total        517192                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   2107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   2113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                 517184                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                 517193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                 517193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                 517193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                 517193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                 517193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                 517193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                 517193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                 517193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                 517193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                 517194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                 517194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                 517193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                 517203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                 517192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                 517192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  8279324                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              8279324                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    8279324                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                92.86                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 7688221                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          82025423640                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               4555505640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    131440367520                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            464.645723                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2834887750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   17903080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 419424783750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  60600830500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  168243694499                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 288249771001                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           3492542400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               2421304875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy     23271335040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             29615491920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         42322881120.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     104031411120                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           444785392575                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         768272072501                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy            21605480820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          82075937610                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               4556019720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    131416278180                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            464.712005                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2837899500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   17911660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 419175104250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  60788811749                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  168346202250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 288197369751                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           3493430880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               2421570525                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy     23343490080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             29623595820                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         42343164240.000008                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     103958597460                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           444848842035                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         768159479750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy            21612433860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     24873237                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     24873237                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               24873237                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port   1060871360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total   1060871360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total              1060871360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 957257047500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         49693771972                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               5.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        43625672998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           8296791                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 8296791    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             8296791                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      8279655                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      16576446                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               7085                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      8279324                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              331                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           8289706                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          8289706                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          7085                       # Transaction distribution
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 957257047500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         5167                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     24894112                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              24899279                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       190592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   1061975296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total             1062165888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 957257047500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        16594618000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           3283500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       12448080000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                 529876736                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         16581512                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000057                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.007577                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               16580560     99.99%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    952      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           16581512                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      8297461                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          951                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     16598370                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            951                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoops                         8280603                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             10059                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     16573968                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          789                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3307                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          8290850                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         8290850                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          2189                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         7870                       # Transaction distribution
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
